
Hey baby...I can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch?
I tried to escape the Apple store. I couldn't because there were no Windows.
I'm the type of person who tries to fall back asleep in the morning, just to finish a dream.
Doing yoga got me out of the habit of biting my fingernails. Now I bite my toenails.
The biggest difference between men and women is what comes to mind when the word 'Facial' is used.
The worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses.
My dream woman has a special combination of inner and outer beauty and is, most importantly, too naive to know she's way out of my league.
I was lonely because I had no women... until I met a man who had no hands.
I just let my mind wander, and it didn't come back.
A wife in big doses is poison, in small doses – medicine.
What did the boy bird say to the girl bird on Valentine's Day? Let me call you Tweet heart!
My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games. What a ridiculous thing to fallout 4.
Why did God give men penises? So they'd have at least one way to shut a woman up.
What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common? They've both swallowed a lot of seamen.
Tomorrow is April Fools Day. Believe nothing, and trust no one. "So it's like any other day."
What is the difference between a single 40-year-old woman and a single 40-year-old man? The 40-year-old woman thinks often of having children and the man thinks often about dating them.
I think this generation will have to go into separate rooms and text each other to work out their problems.
My wife installed a mirror over our bed. She said she likes to watch herself laugh.
What will fall on the lawn first? An autumn leaf or a Christmas catalog?
Writing a horror screenplay. It starts off with a ringing phone. The person answers, and it's their mum saying "I have a computer question."
The only time the world beats a path to your door...
She gave me an Australian kiss. It's the same as a French kiss, but down under.
Unfortunately, but sometimes a woman can't find herself a man. She doesn't like the drunken ones, and the sober ones doesn't like her.
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed. Women somehow deteriorate during the night.
Wife: "No."
Your kid may be an honors student, but you're still an idiot.
You're like a fat stump, I'm always falling over you.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
On a scale of newlyweds to married 25 years, how willing are you to admit I'm right?
Every time you talk to your wife, your mind should remember that... 'This conversation will be recorded for Training and Quality purpose'
Me: Real women don't care about romantic clichés. My internal voice: Please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers.
I always tell new hires, don't think of me as your boss, think of me as your friend who can fire you.
Today I have met the vegetarian brother of Bruce Lee. Brocco Lee.
Titanic was such a beautiful movie, it always gets me. Makes me wanna go on a cruise like that one day.
How did they know Princess Diana didn't have dandruff? Because they found her head and shoulders in the glove box.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
The main thing I want this holiday season is for someone to wake me when it's over.
One day you're the best thing since sliced bread. The next, you're toast.
That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned...
Always identify who to blame in an emergency.
Scooters are for men who want to ride motorcycles, but prefer to feel the wind on their vaginas.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
I heard the next Steve Jobs movie will be on IMAX. It's the same movie, just on a bigger screen.
The hardest part of getting a girls phone number is working up the courage to go through her trash and get it.
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
Every wife should understand one thing: a dinner will taste better if she cooks it less frequently.
What's the difference between a sidewalk, a drug dealer, and a prostitute? Sidewalks crack doesn't leave an odor!
What's the scariest thing about a white man in prison? You know that he actually did it.
Why did the stupid boy put clothes on the valentines he was sending? Because they needed to be ad-dressed!
What are the worst six years in a blonde's life? Third Grade!
How did Jesus' crucifixion save us? It's 'cause he nailed it!
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend? He gave her a ring.
Early to bed, early to rise makes people suspicious.
I like to have a Frappuccino each morning with my Breakfast... I'm a Cereal Frapist.
What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs? Nice tits!
I find it very offensive when people get easily offended.
Working at a Hospital is the worst cause you can't call in sick. You: "Yeah, I can't come in today, I'm sick." Boss: "Come on in, we'll check you out."
Me in public: "There are too many people on this earth. We need a new plague."
When I get a dog I'm going to name him five miles so I can say I walk five miles every day.
Marriage and smoking are similar. You start because you want to and you continue because you have to.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
Updating your relationship status in public is fine. Updating your relationship problems in public is stupidity.
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
What did the Asian parent say during the DNA test? That's Yu!
Any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it.
Relationship between men and women is psychological. She is psycho and he is logical.
Whats long and hard on a nigger? First grade.
I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
I'm so introverted I won't even talk to myself.
Did you fall from heaven?
My boss touched me inappropriately at work today. It's okay though, I'm self-employed.
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-BOO!
Can't throw the ball, kept on bouncing away: situation is out of hand.
You have the perfect face for radio.
What's the difference between men and government bonds? Bonds mature.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking out of the box.
Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.
What do you call an academically successful slice of bread? An honor roll.
I have the Emergency Alert Warning sound set as the ringtone for when my wife calls.
Don't anybody move! I lost my brain somewhere here.
There's something actionable in your pants.
Spread the word ♥
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore? A whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.
I broke a mirror the other day that's 7 years bad luck. My lawyer thinks he can get me 5.
Violets are blue
Women will drive miles out of their way to avoid the possibility of getting lost using a shortcut.
Why are the palms of black people white? Because there's a little bit of good in everybody.
Why are there 5 syllables in the word "monosyllabic"?
Five days of the week, my body is a temple. The other two, it's an amusement park!
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable ...like a coma.
Sorry I missed your call, I was busy seeing how many times my phone would ring before you gave up.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
Remember how when you were little you could just rip off your diaper and run around naked and everyone thought it was funny?
What do you call 1000 Mexicans at the bottom of the sea? A good start.
You should argue with your wife only when she's not around.
How do you make a black nervous? Take him to an auction.
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
I don't think I'll be able to get my Mom what she really wants on Mother's Day – a doctor for a son-in-law.
They say 1 in 3 people live next to a pedophile. Not me! I just live next to 2 smoking hot 8 year old.
How is it that I always seem to buy the plants without the will to live?
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I get plenty of exercise - jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines.
Top quark or bottom quark?
Sex to a man is like hunger. If he can't get into an expensive French restaurant, he will go to McDonalds.
Dates a zombie: so someone finally likes me for my brain.
My kid wants $20 to go through a corn maze with his friends, which is $20 more than I normally pay to walk through vegetables.
What underwear does clouds wear? Thunderwear!
The winner of the costume contest was the invisible man. He was invisible, and his wife wasn't much to look at either.
My dad never seemed to see the irony in calling me a son of a bitch he does it every day.
What do you call a black with no arms? Trustworthy.
Men are like frogs, the most important thing is to jump on faster.
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
I know I know, smoking's bad for me and all. But, my mama told me never to be a quitter.
"Give it to me! Give it to me!" she yelled, "I'm so wet, give it to me now!" She could scream all she wanted to. I was keeping the umbrella.
Why do only 10% of men make it to heaven? Because if they all went, it would be Hell.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin mobile.
Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.
Easy to Easy is not easy.
Why did the chicken cross the Möbius strip? To get to the same side!
No wonder your really Hot!
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... details are sketchy.
If you feel unsure about a new haircut, ask a man if it looks okay. But ask him many, many, many times. Never be satisfied with his answer.
Wife: "Honey? What do you think about my teeth?"
Cancer cures smoking.
Why is being in the military like a blow-job? The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.
A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking.
I asked my wife if she ever fantasizes about me, she said yes - about me taking out the trash, mowing the lawn, and doing the dishes.
Scissors: "No."
At Comic Con, all I could think was how happy these people's moms must be to have the house to themselves for a few hours.
Our WIFI was down yesterday and I spent 45 minutes trying to fix it. Our dishwasher has been broken for 3 weeks and I haven't even touched it.
Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet and so are you. But roses are wilting, violets are dead, sugar bowl's empty and so is your head.
My wife made me into millionaire. I was a multi-millionaire before we met.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
I hate when people ask for likes... Like if you agree!
Why kill time when you can make it work for you?
Yo mom is so dumb that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
You have the nicest syntax I've ever seen.
I don't want you to feel like you can't express yourself, but I do want you to stop talking.
I need to start paying closer attention to stuff. Found out today my wife and I have separate names for the cat.
Your baby looks the same as it did yesterday. *Me, commenting on a Facebook picture.*
I organized a threesome for (NAME)'s last night of freedom. There were a couple of no-shows, but he still had fun.
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.
Age is just the number of hours I'm hungover for.
Why do women pay more attention to their appearance than improving their minds? Because most men are stupid, but few are blind.
"I'm sorry" and "I apologize" mean the same thing... except when you're at a funeral.
I ordered 2000 lbs. of chinese soup. It was Won Ton.
I've just written a song about tortillas - actually, it's more of a rap.
I accidentally took an extra step when I reached the top of the stairs and now I'm in a marching band.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry gave you a tan.
Don't feed the animals at the zoo! You should better feed the security guard!
Hey baby, wanna play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat.
How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb? FORE!
There was only 2 things I was good at in school... Maths.
Immaculate conception is spreading rapidly, with adult born yesterday!
I hope you like beef because we will eat that when we meat.
I might only be 25% Irish, but on St Patrick Days I will be 100% drunk.
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus? At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
Stop with the blind jokes ... I don´t see the point.
I told my girlfriend to text me when she got home... she must be homeless.
What did one lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire? "See you next month!"
My therapist told me that a great way to let go of your anger is to write letters to people you hate and then burn them. I did that and I feel much better but I'm wondering... do I keep the letters?
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
How many more times are my kids going to ask me if I know where something is before they realize they're asking the wrong parent?
You must be from Pearl Harbor, 'cause baby, you're the bomb.
What is the difference between a dog and a fox? About 5 drinks
My doctor said he thought I had the body of a 25 year old. So naturally I had to kill him and bury him next to it.
If someone ever intimidates you, remember that they're 70% water. Are you scared of water? Well you should be. 400,000 people drown per year.
What do u find in an empty nose? Finger prints.
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
I ran out of poker chips so used dry fruits for playing instead. People went nuts when they saw me raisin the stakes.
I opened the dishwasher and it's full of clean dishes and I'm scared my wife is going to know that I know.
Why did the prostitute retire? She screwed up!
You look like a before picture.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
I am more pissed off than a dragon trying to blow out candles.
What do you say we make this a Not-so-Silent Night?
My girlfriend started smoking, so I slowed down and applied Lubricant.
Shocked by the Sears news today, I had no idea it was still open.
Men are like mascara, they usually run at the first sign of emotion.
Blind man walks into a bar... And a table, and a chair.
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
Congratulations, If you press the elevator button three times it goes into hurry mode – really...
How do we know that soccer referees are happy? Because they whistle while they work.
What do you call your sister if she only has one leg? Eileen.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
It's amazing how one letter can change the whole meaning of a word, I once introduced myself as a racist, obviously meaning rapist.
My Mom has been smelling something burning since 1983.
"Could you take a couple steps back. I have a nut allergy."
Q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants?
I love the way you move...like butter on a bald monkey.
What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? Every morning you will rise and shine!
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
Can someone just invent a mirror that takes pictures already!
What should you do if you see your ex-husband rolling around in pain on the ground? Shoot him again.
The artist thought his favourite paint had been stolen, but it was just a pigment of his imagination.
What sound does a train make when it's eating?... Chew chew... Very Punny right?
Leading up to the wedding (NAME) has been on a whiskey diet. His lost three days already.
British scientists have demonstrated that cigarettes can harm your children. Fair enough, use an ashtray.
Other people don't like my queue jumping. Especially when I use my motorcycle.
If you were a basketball, could I drive you, and lay you up?
Woman: "Oh my God, I'm pregnant?!"
People are making end of the world jokes. Like there is no tomorrow.
Why wasnt there any blacks in the flintstones? Because they were still monkeys.
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
Why don't you throw a rock at a black kid on a bike? You might hit your bike.
I swear to drunk I'm not God, but seriously, stay in drugs, eat school, and don't do vegetables.
Childs experience: if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests.
What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head? A Space Invader.
Sorry, I'm late. I got here as soon as I felt like it.
What did the Zero say to the Eight? Nice belt!
The day you feel like "am I a joke to you" is the day when you study for a science exam and realized that the exam is math.
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they just beat the room for being black.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
What dog can't bark? A hot dog.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
I bet you I could stop gambling.
What did Bacon say to Tomato? Lettuce get together!
Wow, this article looks awesome.
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again.
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic
Life is an internet. 30 days after you met she wants you to register and begins taking taxes every month.
I wanted to be a hair stylist for bald people.
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time.
Why is a baseball game a good place to go on a hot day? Because there are lots of fans.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months- I don't like to interrupt her.
Measure twice, cut five times, curse profusely, punch a wall, give up, call a professional.
Did you hear about the athlete who wore two jackets when she painted the house? The instructions on the can said: "Put on two coats."
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where saluting the moths of the year become more important than to salute your friends...
How do Asians name their kids? They throw them down the stairs and see what kind of sounds they make
Why does a blond wear a tight skirt? To keep here legs closed.
3. Infidelity
Men, if you have met your dream girl, materialize her.
They say you are what you eat, so lay off the nuts.
I'm Muslim. In my last stand up I bombed. CIA is after me now.
I'm making a film about emos. I really need to stop saying "cut!" at the end of each scene.
Next time you order coffee at Starbucks tell them your name is Bueller and then leave the store.
I hope that a blind mouse eats you.
Why do blondes wear underwear? To keep their ankles warm.
How did Metallica get people to stop pirating their music? They stopped releasing anything worth listening to.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
Sorry I'm late! I was at home sitting down.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number.
I'm selling a parachute – just as new, used only one time, didn't open once.
Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day? Regular rocks are too heavy.
Why did the prawn leave the nightclub? Because he pulled a muscle.
I could never figure out why I was never any good at math!
If your left leg was thanksgiving, and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays?
Why did the lady wear a helmet every time she ate? She was on a crash diet!
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
The only time a woman wishes that she were a year older is when she is expecting a baby.
I'm just a burned out bulb on the billboard of life.
What's the difference between a mechanic and a doctor? A mechanic fixes his mistakes... A doctor buries his.
I'm not saying your perfume is too strong. I'm just saying the canary was alive before you got here.
Brain cells come and go but fat cells live forever.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.
I'm on a health kick. I've decided to stop using the drive-thru at McDonald's! I'm going to park the car and walk in.
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them!
It's not love until you don't want them to have a good time without you.
I love my six packs so much that I have protected it with layers of fat.
Where does a fish go to borrow money? The loan shark!
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
Misspell one word and the whole text is urined.
My friend: "Hurry up, someone calls the fire department!"
I got fired from my job as a chef for stealing kitchen equipment. It's a whisk I was willing to take.
Upgrade your weekend: Take Monday Off...
What's most interesting song? My girlfriend 's fart.
Why is a blonde like a railway track? She gets laid all over the country.
Why do white peope call a Indians paiutes? Cuz paiutes was a Indians first words and they were like 30yrs old!
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
Handsome, Sweet, Intelligent, spontaneous, good-looking, nice friends, charming, funny, well...Enough about ME! How about you?
What's the hardest thing about dating a blind woman? Getting her husband's voice just right.
Arguing with a woman is like buying a lottery ticket. You know you're not gonna win, but you're sure as hell gonna try.
If time is money are ATM's time machines?
I once crashed into a cow pasture. I was in for a beef of trouble.
I can't believe that viruses and bacteria would just invade my body without a permission. That makes me sick.
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart? Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small.
Before the wedding I have loved all the women on earth, after the wedding one woman less.
When we were young, we would compare liquor and women. Now we compare statins.
I worked myself up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.
Me:
I hate when I'm running on the treadmill for half an hour and look down to see it's been 4 minutes.
If brain cells had value, you'd be broke.
Need I say more?
A woman is like a parachute – can refuse at any time, that's why you need to have a spare one.
You know those people using bibles on their phones? They are using phony bibles.
Might I integrate your curves tonight?
Honk all you want, but if I don't eat these donuts at this green light I'll have to share them at home.
The best way to remember your 21st birthday, is not at all. Have fun blacking out.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
There were plenty of lookers-on but no witnesses.
Walking my dog we saw a guy in a suit walking his dog and I know my dog is thinking I don't dress nice for him anymore.
The recipe said "Set the oven to 180 degrees" so I did, but now I can't open it because the door faces the wall.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails= 4 given.
A: The MLB.
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
I'd tell a joke about claustrophobic people, but it might be to tight for you.
The reward for a job well done is more work.
I like my women the same as I like my whiskey. 20 years old and mixed up with coke!
Aging gracefully is like the nice way of saying you're slowly looking worse.
All men are idiots...and I married their king.
A wise man once said, "There is safety in numbers". Yeah?! Well, tell that one to six million Jews!
Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a big rock.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
Teacher: "What is the value of Pi?"
I hate when I'm singing along to the Beastie Boys and they mess up the lyrics.
The last time I was inside a woman was when I went to the Statue of Liberty.
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named ‘Bush', ‘Dick', and ‘Colon'. Need I say more?
I like the sound of you not talking.
What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't open the door? TRIFORCE!
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
My ideal date: We order food, I eat mine and yours. you are impressed and order me more.
If you see me with a water bottle, there's probably vodka in it
Because of the disregard towards safety techniques people not only die but are also born.
The worst part about working for the department of unemployment is when you get fired you still have to show up the next day.
Young riders pick a destination and go... Old riders pick a direction and go.
A real Don Juan has to dress not only tasteful but also very quickly.
Your as worthless as, Tits on a boar hog.
A garage sale is actually a Garbage sale but the "b" is silent.
A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.
You might not be a Bulls fan, but I know you felt it when this D rose.
I can't cut an onion because it makes me cry. My grandma died cutting an onion.
Outvoted 1-1 by my wife again.
What do you call 100 blacks buried up to their necks? Afroturf.
My wife had her driver's test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear.
We must be subatomic particles, because I feel strong force between us.
I took my new car back to the dealers, complaining it only did left turns - "drive in the opposite direction then" he said.
Nobody works harder than a drunk person trying to carefully whisper a secret.
My daughter told me she wants to be a secret agent. Based on that alone, I don't think she'd be a good secret agent.
I thought my son would like that I bought him a trampoline, but oh no, he just wants to sit and cry in his wheelchair.
You're wrong! I touched second base. I missed third… but I touched second.
No matter how long it takes you to make a time machine, you'll still have your whole life ahead of you.
Why did God create stock analysts? In order to make weather forecasters look good.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
How do people lose their kids at the mall? Seriously, any tips would be greatly appreciated.
Did you hear about the man who jumped off a bridge in France? He was in Sein.
Sis wanted a cheese, I gave her D camera and told her to say cheese!
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
What does a man who loves his car do on February 14? He gives it a valenshine!
Why was the horse so happy? Because he lived in a stable environment.
My prince is not coming on a white horse... He's obviously riding a turtle, and definitely lost.
I'm at my most amazing when no one is paying attention.
That awkward moment when you're in a meeting and your stomach decides to sound like a dying whale.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
I never knew the meaning of true happiness until I got married, but then it was too late...
A girl has to get in bed before 8 p.m. so she can come home at 11.
The next time you have company, serve them a bowl of shelled peanuts. After they've eaten a few handfuls, casually mention that you've never liked peanuts, but you love to suck the chocolate off of them.
You're IQ's lower than your shoe size.
Failure is not an option—it comes bundled with the software.
My landlord says he needs to come talk to me about how high my heating bill is. I told him, "My door is always open".
You're like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Concerning the absence of toilet paper, there should be complaint books laid out at publicly used places.
She's so ugly, she made a freight train take a dirt road!
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches.
What did one candle say to the other? "Don't birthdays burn you up?"
Don't join the new TESCO dating service, my mate did and he ended up with a bag for life.
Why do people ask me if I'm "hiding", if I was hiding you wouldn't see me!
1984: Is my house bugged?
Just saw a heavyset man carrying loads of weapons, even had one hanging out of his backside... it was big arse 'n' all.
It's not peer pressure, it's just your turn.
"Well, tell him I can't see him right now."
Change your Facebook Status to "I'm Pregnant" or "I'm Engaged" and watch the April Fools LIKE & Comment away.
What's the difference between women and wine? Wine gets better with age.
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
Why is a traffic light red? You would be red too if you were changing in front of people all day.
Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner!
I seen a black guy riding a bike the other day and I thought it was mine... Then I remembered that mine is chained up in my garage begging for food.
My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments. If only I had known about her history of violins.
They should build the wall with Hillary's emails because nobody can get over them.
Credit cards are VERY dangerous. Every time I try to use one somebody starts chasing me with scissors.
Do people who bring bikes on the subway realize what bikes do?
How does a network administrator nerd greet people who come to his house? Welcome to 127.0.0.1
Diet tip: If you think you're hungry, you might just be thirsty. Have a bottle of wine first and then see how you feel.
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy.
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
There are few things I enjoy more than picking an argument with my girlfriend when she has the hiccups.
My boyfriend is not like other guys. He wants to date me.
Yo mamma is so fat, the only good grade she got in school was an "A" in lunch.
3:
Baby, you've bought yourself a cruise on the Love Boat. I'll be your captain.
Recently I heard about a vampire that was so mathematically challenged that he couldn't count Dracula!
When he proposed to her. She found it very engaging.
Dogs. Because when everyone looks at you like you're crazy, they look at you like you're amazing.
What did one boob say to the other boob? You are my breast friend!
He screamed back, "I saw you at the bar, and you said the drinks were on the house!"
Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time? He doesn't know he's black.
It was a bleak day when we heard about the explosion down at the animal shelter... It was raining cats and dogs!
I'm changing my name to 'Benefits' on Facebook. Next time someone adds me, It will say "you are now friends with Benefits."
Ice hockey is basically just guys wearing knife shoes fighting each other with long sticks for the last Oreo.
You're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line.
Tried watching The Neverending Story, couldn't finish it.
Me: let's go this way. Shopping cart: no.
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies
In the competition of female logics, a random number generator won.
Why do black women where high heels? So their knuckles don't drag.
I like two kinds of men: domestic and imported.
What do you get when you cross an Asian with a black? A car thief who can't drive.
What u call 10 black people in the back of a truck? A good days hunting.
Women are supposed to be like butterflies, beautiful and hard to catch. But most of you all are like mosquitos, annoying and easy to smash.
Why did the chicken cut his legs and wings off? To make his dinner.
However lonely you feel, you're never alone. There are literally millions of bugs, mites and bacteria living in your house. Goodnight.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
I'll clean my house when the last kid has moved out.
How can you tell that you're getting old? You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
Why don't animals play poker in Africa? Because they're cheetahs.
Did you hear about the man who was accidentally buried alive? It was a grave mistake.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
Politics is just show business for ugly people.
I don't engage in mental combat with the unarmed.
Why do black people call each other brothers? Because they don't know who there father's are.
Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.
Facebook memories are a great way to see how fat you've gotten.
Did you hear about the guy who got killed and cut into pieces and stuffed into a zipper bag? His lips were sealed.
It's 10 pm, time to eat the fridge.
Why do women pierce their bellybutton? Place to hang their air freshener.
My brother and I were visiting our grandmother in the hospital. My brother says "grandma I can't stand to see you like this..."
Why do shepherds never learn to count? Because if they did they would always be falling asleep.
Why did the lion broke up with his girlfriend? Because she was a cheetah!
What do you call 1000 black people at the bottom of the sea? An even better start.
Women who seek to be equal to men...LACK AMBITION!
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
I once dated a mime. I hope I left her with a good impression.
Masturbating is wrong in some people's eyes... Also, it burns.
I just want to live in a world where people come with on/off switches.
Going to attempt a Mexican joke. Hope it's a good Juan!
Why should you wary of stairs? Because they are always up to something.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put "U" and "I" together.
What does a cow say to bull? Are you always that horn-ny!
What do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill? A prison break.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
All pro athletes are  bilingual. They speak English and profanity.
Dream carefully, because dreams come true.
I was at a climbing center the other day, but someone had stolen all the grips from the wall; honestly, you couldn't make it up.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
I came inside of her not because of the fame but because of the human life on earth.
What do you call an elevater filled with white people? A box of crackers.
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
"What's that?"
I don't mean to brag but I'm helping a Nigerian Prince with a pretty serious financial matter. I can't really talk about it.
I quit my job at the helium gas factory, I refuse to be talked to in that tone of voice!
What's a nice ghoul like you doing in a crypt like this?
My girlfriend was complaining last night that I never listen to her. Or something like that...
- Insomnia
Dentist: "You need a crown." Patient: "Finally someone who understands me"
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Whenever I have a one night stand, I always use protection. A fake name and a fake number.
What cake makes you feel uncomfortable? Stomachache.
The video from the ring infects people with airborne pathogens. The video went viral.
Just gonna have a quick nap because I heard you can sleep your way to the top.
You're so fat you tried to eat Eniemen at the Grammies.
Your so butters that clover the butter company used you in their adverts.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you was?
The best contraceptive for old people is nudity.
My idea of flirting is giving a girl 1 of my 10 tacos.
What is the difference between Scientology and Christianity? People don't believe in scientology.
I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length. Must be some kind of milestone.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
I took a viagra the other day. It got caught in my throat and all I ended up with was a stiff neck.
Student: "Well now I´m not but if you could be a little quieter I could."
The truth is out there; it just hasn't been indexed well.
What did one ghost say to another ghost? "Do you believe in people?"
Cowgirls are like cow pats - the older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
Are you the square root of -1? Because you can't be real.
What kind of tea do you drink with the Queen? Royal tea.
I used to think all black people had boomboxes. Then I realized that was just a stereo type.
Wife to husband: "They want your underwear."
If you think nobody cares whether you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Math puns are the first sine of madness!
Man: "When I bend my arm like this it hurts?"
You're the cumshot that your mom wanted to swallow but your dad couldn't pull out in time.
If my body is a temple than eating pancakes is a form of prayer.
3) Marriages
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Why do blondes always wash there hair? They just read the instructions. Lather... Rinse... Repeat...
Are you from Pennsylvania cause I want to stick my pen in your sylvania
I'm really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
Why did the robot go on summer vacation? He needed to recharge his batteries.
I'm the kind of guy who stops the microwave at 1 second just to feel like a bomb defuser.
"Raccoons"? Oh, you mean garbage pandas?
*finds out it's a slideshow*
Would masturbating while smoking weed be considered masturblazing, weedwhacking, or highjacking?
I think they picked me for my motivational skills. Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around!
Why did the student study in an airplane? He wanted a higher education!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
A good rule of thumb is to never hire a magician with a wife with no legs.
People who say that their wedding day was the best day ever have obviously never had two Kit Kats fall out of a vending machine.
Love is not the number of times you kissed her, but the number of moments you were dying to kiss her.
Give a Nigerian a fish he'll eat for a day. Teach a Nigerian to phish and he'll become a prince and start e-mailing people.
How does a black chick tell if she's pregnant? When she pulls the tampon out, all the cotton is already picked.
If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?
Why do female skydivers wear jock straps? So they don't whistle on the way down.
Friends are forever. Until they get in a relationship.
How do you make a pool table laugh? You reach into its pockets and tickle its balls.
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good.
Q: What's different from a be enchanting and a black person? A: A bench can support a family.
Why did the M&M go to school? Because he really wanted to be a Smartie!
I've found if you say "well well well" as soon as someone sits down across from you, you immediately get the upper hand for about 2 seconds.
Life is a comedy for those who think, but a tragedy for those who feel.
Wanna measure the coefficient of static friction between us?
What's "68"? You do me and I owe you one.
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
I like using misdirection in my jokes, or do I?
What's the height of conceit? Having an orgasm and calling out your own name.
What did the Valentine's Day card say to the stamp? Stick with me and you'll go places.
The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
What is a blonde's favorite color? Glitter.
Do you know how to lose weight... fast.
Loltard: Someone who uses 'lol' too much.
Sure, white people can't say the "N word" but at least we can say phrases like, "Thanks for the warning, Officer" and, "Hey, Dad."
The first step to causing drama is making sure you tell everyone you hate drama.
19 and 20 got into a fight. 21.
I'm not being rude, you're just insignificant.
Someone told me a joke about transgender surgery. Took balls to tell it.
She said I wanna look bomb in the party. I said don't worry, we'll have a blast.
The story was really great. That's why I was closing my eyes the whole time trying to imagine it.
Do one thing that scares you every day. Maybe do four things. Live in constant fear.
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
You gotta feel for kids today, growing up in a world where all the good screen names are already taken.
Sometimes I shoot off at the mouth but I have turrets syndrome.
What's the difference between black people and snow tires? Snow tires don't sing when you put chains on them.
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
I think we should get rid of democracy. All in favor raise your hand.
My family always celebrates Thanksgiving with a fast. The faster we eat, the more food we get.
She is not my reword, I am her punishment.
I asked a black kid what his favorite method of expressing an exponent is. He said he didn't like black radicals, but liked black power.
I'm not a Facebook status, you don't have to like me.
What does a drug addict dream about on Christmas Eve? Building a snowman using only cocaine.
My friend's in prison for flashing; he says he can't bare it anymore.
Did you hear about the tailor who shredded all the neckwear? His company severed all ties.
My love for you is like dividing by zero - it cannot be defined.
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
My doctor advised me to kill people. Not in such words of course, he just said that I must diminish the amount of stress in my life.
Im not saying I'm number one, uh sorry I lied I'm number one two three four and five.
The fastest land mammal is a toddler who's been asked what's in their mouth.
Why can't black people play in the sandbox? Because the cats keep burying them.
If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him... with my bear hands.
I can count the number of times I've been to Chernobyl on one hand. It's seven.
What's the difference between Amy Winehouse and Jack Daniels? Jack Daniels comes alive when you add Coke.
Why was the broom late? It over swept!
How did Superman's enemies do him in? They put him in his crypt tonite!
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
My mate broke his left arm and left leg, but he was alright.
Beauty is only skin deep ...but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
Did you hear about the guy who choked on a pretzel? He was very salty.
Her love makes my world go round.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance.
In my spare time I like to read, write, and fall in love with unavailable people.
The get rich or die trying philosophy on life is going terribly one sided for me.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
Why did the Investigator question the flat iron? To straighten things out.
I've got a new anorexic girlfriend. It's not going too well though. I'm just seeing less and less of her...
Take time to relax especially when you don't have time for it.
Is google a woman? Because it won't let you finish your sentence without coming up with other suggestions.
"Yes, sir," the guy at Staples says as he hands me a 12 year old roll of tape.
God, grant me the serenity to accept the terms and conditions I do not read.
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.
What do you call a mexican rolling in sand? A churro.
Why are blondes so easy to get into bed? Who cares?
I was about to crack a joke on boxers; now leave it, I forgot the punchline.
My teenage angst has lasted 30 years.
I went to a party and met apple there. I asked him to buy me a vodka, but Damn! He gave me a fruit punch.
Being a Mulato isn't very profitable, the black half wants to steel your phone, the white half wants to pay the bill.
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
My wife set a limit on how much we can spend on each other for Christmas. It's $100 on me and $500 on her.
I hate that feeling after surgery when you're not sure if you're awake or asleep or if you operated on the right patient.
What do a grenade and a woman have in common? You remove the ring and your whole house is gone.
I asked my wife why she never blinked during foreplay. She said she didn't have time.
Music makes every day better, especially if you turn it up just loud enough to drown out all the people around you.
My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well, I was amazed, I never knew they worked.
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the bathtub.
Are you from Japan? Cause I'm currently trying to get in japanties.
The sentence "Don't objectify women." has "women" as the object of the sentence. You have become the very thing you swore to destroy.
If you were a pole I would dance all over you.
What do apples and black people have in common? They both look good hanging from a tree.
I'm not Gay, but 5$ are 5$.
Occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
How are airplanes and women alike? They both have cockpits.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
What happened when the semicolon broke grammar laws? It was given two consecutive sentences.
What's a word that begins with a N and ends with a R you never want to call a black person? Neighbor.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
This morning my alarm went off, I thought it's sell-by date was tomorrow.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Is the last thing that Tickle Me Elmo gets before leaving the factory two test tickles?
Hard to take women with false eyelashes seriously. It's like watching two tarantulas scream for attention.
There are 2 times when a man doesn't understand a woman - before marriage and after marriage.
Maths and Girls are the most complicated things, but Maths at least has some logic.
To the 20 year old girl who wrote an essay claiming she is too pretty to be allowed to lead a normal life:Same.
Why can't blind people eat fish? Because it's sea food.
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives? America.
Did you hear about the pessimist who hates German sausage? He always fears the Wurst.
What do you call black people going to prison? A family reunion.
My room + internet connection + music + food – homework = perfect day.
I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics need a drink, but I already have one.
What does a disappointed mama turkey tell her kids? If your father were to see you now, he would be turning over in his gravy!
Why is Justing Bieber like a shotgun? Give him a cock and he will blow!
Do you think they named April Fool's Day in your honor?
Q:What is the population of Antarctica A: All white.
What sound does a bouncing plane make? Boeing.
‘Do you know if pigs have periods?' ‘Are you kidding me? What idiot would keep a pig until she's 14?'
Like a flat tire.......how I'm rolling this morning.
Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.
2+2=5 for extremely large values of 2.
Q:  Why do manly ghosts have so much trouble dating?
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
Is yur name Atilla cuz you can be my hun anytime!
Do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house.
What's the difference between a blonde and a guy? The blonde has the higher sperm count.
It is when you're in the bathroom!
Einstein used science to get laid; that guy is a genius... I've been using money.
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
I am not an alcoholic. I simply enjoy living in liquid medium.
Scientists proved that cows don't give us meat and milk. We just take it from them!
Best friends: Ready to die for each other, but will fight to the death over the last slice of pizza.
You're so poor that when you light up a Lucifer, the cockroaches celebrate that they finally have central heating.
Why did the chink fail his blood test? He didn't study!
Don't tell a lot about yourself, behind your back will tell more interestingly about you.
A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past.
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
When they start getting the 5-day forecast right then maybe I'll listen to their climate change theories.
My wife has to be the worst cook. Her specialty is indigestion.
I'm Only Here For The Free Food
All those years of getting horrible elementary school pictures was just society's way of preparing you for your driver's license photo.
It's better to have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy.
My best mates and I played a game of hiding and seek. It went on for hours... Well, good friends are hard to find.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken...
Marriage through the ages creates new reflexive responses, for example it was only the other night the wife panted that she was so very hot, so I turned on the airconditioner.
At home: Let it go, let it go... Can't hold it back anymore.
Women should not have children after 35. Really ... 35 children are enough.
How many niggers does it take to shingle a roof? Depends on how thin you slice 'em.
Why did Eve bite the forbidden apple? Because it tasted better than Adam's banana.
Two blondes fall down a well. One says to the other one, "Isn't it dark down here?" She replies, "I don't know. I can't see."
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
A procrastinator's work is never done.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels!
Why don't black people listen to country music? Because when they hear hoe down they think their sister has been shot.
I can't stand being in a wheelchair.
I got excited when my son joined the cross-country team. But then I learned they don't cross the country and are back home in a few hours.
Eternally long a woman can be looking at 3 things in a supermarket. And then, bang! She buys 7 things!
Smaller babies may be delivered by storks but the heavier ones would need a crane!
How do you get a man to stop biting his nails? Make him wear shoes.
Student: "E! I'm starvin'!"
Heading out for drinks, bail money's on top of the fridge.
Husband: "You're kidding me!"
Facebook is telling me to "reconnect" with my brother...hmmm, I see him everyday
You're about as useful as a bucket without a bottom.
Do not be racist; be like Mario. He's an Italian plumber, who was made by the Japanese, speaks English, looks like a Mexican, jumps like a black man, and grabs coins like a Jew!
Give a man a gun and he will rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he will rob everyone.
It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college.
Two windmills are standing in a field and one asks the other, "What kind of music do you like?"
Sorry I didn't text you back, but my phone recognized your number.
Why can't two Asian's have a white baby? Because two Wong's don't make a white!
Oh... I didn't tell you... Then It must be none of your business...
Please spread the word. Sure, no problem! W o r d.
I'll never forget my grandpa's final words, "stop shaking the ladder you cunt."
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Apple should make a sarcasm font and call it the iRoll.
Grocery store flowers on Valentine's Day: show someone you care slightly more than not at all.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data.
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
What summer vacation destination makes a pet bird sing for joy? The Canary Islands!
You head is so long when you ran in a race you came first and last.
I turned on the light to wake up my kids. My 2-year-old turned it off and went back to bed. She used to be the family alarm clock. Now she's the snooze button.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
I need a new bank account. This one has run out of money.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
If a short psychic broke out of jail, then you'd have a small medium at large.
If you don't like the news, go out and make some.
What do you call a Black Wizard? A Negromancer.
The Invisible Man can fart and pretend that he is not to blame.
What did one squirrel say to the other? Come around the tree and I'll show you my nuts.
I would like to thank everybody that stuck by my side for those five long minutes my house didn't have internet.
For Halloween we dressed up as almonds. Everyone could tell we were nuts.
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off? Spitting, swallowing, and gargling.
What did Spartacus do to the cannibal who ate his nagging wife? Nothing, he's gladiator.
Woke up early to go for a run and got as far as still laying here.
There are three kinds of people: The ones who learn by reading. The ones who learn by observation. And the rest of them who have to touch the fire to learn it's hot.
What is a math teacher's favorite sum? Summer!
The Rock's wife introducing him to her friends: "This is Dwayne "my rock" Johnson."
I love coffee. It's Redbull for old people.
How many alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the bulb, and one to drink until the room starts spinning.
I'm typically attracted to guys who look like I'll need therapy after dating them.
Every day I spend a few hours on a running track. Next week I might even turn it on.
I never forget my son's first words... "Where the heck have you been for 16 years?"
When I found out that my toaster wasn't waterproof, I was shocked.
A wife can enjoy anything, until it's not my salary.
Before I buy a leaf blower I want to make sure I understand the rules. We just blow the leaves at each other's houses, right?
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said ‘Are you going to help?' I said ‘No, six should be enough.'
The best way to keep a job is to work at it!
Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? It takes too long to retrain them.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love; the poor know that it is money.
I finally realized my parents favored my twin brother. It hit me when they asked me to blow up balloons for his surprise birthday party.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
They are doing a sequel to Finding Dory where she discovers she has cancer and searches for a cure. It's called Finding Chemo.
Clinging on to past and living is like driving forward while watching the rear view mirror...
What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses.
I have one of those unlimited cell phone plans. There's no limit to how much they can charge me.
Cleavage: The best popcorn catcher.
They say people couldn't have everything because they don't have enough space to put it, I say 'everything' includes a bag with infinite space so I can put everything in easily.
Circumcision is popular because Jewish girls won't touch anything that's not at least 15% off.
What's one of the worst things about giving a man a blow job? The view.
The last airline I flew charged for everything. Except for the bad service. That was free.
What's the difference between an aerobics instructor and a dentist? A dentist lets you sit down while he hurts you.
Q: Did you hear about the man with a broken left arm and broken left leg?
No one has ever complained of a parachute not opening. Think about it.
I remember being in so much debt that I couldn't afford my electricity bills, it was a dark time.
I'm at the age where I can't keep up with all the things I hate.
If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything".
Ugh, who has time to work out?... I say before a 45 minute nap.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
When is a retiree's bedtime? Three hours after he falls asleep on the couch.
How Do they say "F**k You" in Hollywood? "Trust Me..."
Men of quality respect women's equality.
Did you hear about the junkie that was addicted to brake fluid and Crystal Meth? He said he could stop anytime.
In our youth we were so pretention in our vision of lustful attractiveness, but with advancing age we can now appreciate one's beauty within, thank goodness, because now we are rightfully mirror shy.
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC.
Some people only gets called by their nicknames. Usually it sounds weird to even say their real name.
Sometimes I go into the fitting room with jeans three sizes too big so I can feel what it's like to succeed at a diet.
Pet store clerk: "Sir, that's a lizard."
What do you call a mama cat? Tittycat!
Frank: "Two? Why then do you say am the only one."
What do you call one black on the moon? Problem. What do you call ten blacks on the moon? Problems. What do you call the entire black population on the moon? Problem solved.
People often ask me if my French jokes are immature... wee.
Ready for the only way to enjoy Instagram? Follow zero people. Follow every dog.
The Buddhist Mafia is called Karma.
There is only 4 inches distance between 2 holes.
Dear men, if you stopped seeing your wife as a woman, it doesn't mean that all men are blind.
What is it called when a blonde blows in another blond's ear? Data transfer.
In 34 years I've said I love you to two women and every dog I've ever seen.
Why do men whistle when they're sitting on the toilet? Because it helps them remember which end they need to wipe.
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
Q: what did one lumber jack say to another lumber jack? A: "I need to axe you a question."
*Puts down phone* OH MY GOD I HAVE ANOTHER HAND!
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
I'm not a stalker, I'm just an unpaid private investigator.
Can't see an end. I have no control and I don't think there's an escape. I don't even have a home anymore. Think it's time for a new keyboard.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Turns out people don't like it when you go the extra mile for them.
I lost my paper towels, I think I need a bounty hunter.
The person next to me on this train hasn't stopped talking loudly the whole journey! I'm starting to regret marrying her.
What do women addicted to heroin got in common with ice-hockey players? They both change clothes after three periods.
You're the reason why women earn 75 cents to the dollar.
Why didn't the skeleton want to go to school? His heart wasn't in it.
The dentist says "Well make up your mind I gotta adjust the chair!"
If he hurts you, cry a river and then drown him in it.
According to my kids' Christmas lists, they think this parenting gig pays pretty well.
My friend's girlfriend is 6 months pregnant, they asked if I wanna put my hand on the baby. Apparently, they meant from the outside.
My girlfriend's such a bad cook, she uses the smoke alarm as a timer.
I don't approve of political jokes...I've seen too many of them get elected.
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Trust but verify.
My honey farmer friend has a thing for big butts. I suppose Booty is in the eye of the bee-holder.
My doctor wants to have me tested for lupus which is ridiculous, as I've never even seen a werewolf.
You cannot play with me unless you blow me. -Balloon
It's better to be the first lover than a third wife.
Appreciate how some people don't come out of ATM till they find the meaning of life right there.
Life is good you know. So I suggest you get one.
Your life doesn't get better by chance. It gets better by choice.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
It's okay. He woke up.
Trying to understand women is like trying to smell color 9.
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other never forgets them.
Can February March? No, but April May!
You're so fat that Trump, won't need to build a wall anymore, he can just call you to stand at the border.
I found a message in a bottle. It said "You drink too much."
Winter is natures way of telling you to polish.
"What are you eating and how can I help?"
Retirement is wonderful. It's doing nothing without worrying about getting caught at it.
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven!
What's long, black and smelly? The unemployment line.
The more pregnant I get, the more often strangers smile at me. Why? "Cause you're fatter than they are."
How many Jews does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, unless you pay them.
I'm guessing I'm not married because I'd take a bullet for a grilled cheese before I'd take one for a girl.
I love when they drop the ball in Times Square. It's a nice reminder of what I did all year.
I think I married someone else's soulmate. I wish they'd come get him.
My IQ test results just came in and I'm really relieved. Thank God it's negative.
Why don't witches wear panties? They get a better grip on their brooms!
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Every time you go to take a picture, when you smile you burn a hole straight through the camera.
What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common? By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
The plumber told me a hole boring story about pipes.
Baby you're so cute you made my page 404.
What do you call a black man with red teeth? Knight rider.
My New Years resolution is 1080p.
"Your finest Scotch, please."
A black guy and a Mexican guy opened a restaurant. It's called Nacho Mama.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
Let me tell you the difference between a good joke and a bad joke... timing.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my 17 brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel?
I wanted to be an astronaut but my parents told me the sky was the limit.
Shut up, will you?" "Oh, I'm sorry, Your Highness, should I go get you your coffee and tea now?
If you're slutty enough, every day can be Halloween.
Swallowing your babies is fatal.
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
A Mexican, a black boy, and a white boy, they are all in the first grade, which one has the biggest peter? The black boy because he's 17.
For me, being "clean and sober" means I'm showered and headed to the pub.
What's the most dangerous part of a motorcycle? The nut that connects the seat to the handlebar.
What happened to the egg when he was tickled too much? He cracked up.
Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.
What's the difference between Trump becoming president and a soldier dying in combat? The soldier knew what he signed up for.
What did one eye say to the other eye? Between you and me something smells.
I got a part in a movie called "Cocaine". I only have one line.
2 Abuse
"Room service."
Any skirt looks good on the back of the chair.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.
If there's a hardship greater than putting cheese on a cracker and having it break before it gets into your mouth I've not heard of it.
What does a black person get for Christmas? Your bike.
If a church wants a better pastor, It only needs to pray for the one it has.
I bought my son a fridge for Christmas. – I can't wait to see his face light up when he opens it.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
My mom's favorite part of my birthday is describing my birth in detail to an 18 year old waitress who is just there to get our drink order.
The only difference between the people I've dated and Charles Manson is that Manson has the decency to look like a nut case when you first meet him.
What color is a Nigger after you run him over with the truck? Flat black.
Here's $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
It's better to have business with a drunk professional than a sober idiot.
Doc says, "Joe, I got some bad news for you. You've got six months to live."
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
One bird can't make a pun. But toucan.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Ok, what's the latest possible date that I can still make something of my life?
Every organisation is perfectly designed to get the results they are getting.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I cooked Pancakes this morning. I was thrilled but my kids weren't. Apparently, he was their favorite rabbit.
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds!
All the people who had candy stolen from them as babies are now the adults buying girl scout cookies outside dispensaries.
A birth certificate is an apology from the government that you are now indentured and a social security number that you are no longer a sovereign.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
I hated my job at the fireworks factory, I got fired a lot.
Why is a man's pee yellow, and his sperm white? So he can tell if he's coming or going.
If your coworker has a picture of herself and her dog labeled "Beauty and the Beast" you shouldn't ask her which one is which.
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
How do you pick up a Jewish chick. With a dust pan.
The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.
Should I have another baby after 35? No, 35 children are enough.
A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins, I thought "That's a turtle disaster".
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Everything becomes 100 times louder when you're trying not to wake someone up.
Why is the day that you do laundry, cook, clean, iron and so on, called a day off?
Karma is like 69. You get what you give.
Another World's Oldest Man has died. This is beginning to look suspicious.
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
What do you call a Russian procrastinator? Putinoff.
When I told my family I wanted to do stand-up comedy all they did was laughing.
Nothing says I love you like divorce papers.
I watched a documentary on LSD last night, it really changed my perception.
It's two in the morning.  Do you know where your blankets are?
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team? Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
How much did the butcher charge for his venison? A buck!
What does a hockey player and a magician have in common? Both do hat tricks!
A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water.
Q: What is a plumber's favorite food? A: A leek!
"Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart ". Does that mean Iron Man is the most beautiful person on earth?
What do Lifesavers do that a man can't? Come in eight flavors.
Just remember ...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
Am I getting under your skin? The only skin you'll be getting under is my ball sack.
Two ADV riders camping out in a tent. One of them crawls out to pee before bed. Comes back all wet. The other rider asks if it's rainy outside. "No - it's windy!"
Alcoholics and addicts are the only people who can look down on you from the gutter.
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Women marry because they believe that he will change one day. Men marry because they believe she'll never change. Both are mistaken.
Why can't the Christmas tree stand up? It doesn't have legs.
I hate school and got caught skipping the other day. My principal said, "Walk normal next time, you fruitcake."
Love's a lot like a bullet in that the exit usually causes the most damage.
Don't let an extra chromosome get you down.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Keep honking. I'm reloading.
What do you call dog meat? Pet food.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa? Santa stopped at 3 ho's.
Some species of frog can jump higher than a 3-story office building. It's because of their immensely powerful hind legs, and the fact that office buildings cannot jump.
I used to build stairs for a living, it's an up and down business.
I used to be in a band, we were called 'lost dog'. You probably saw our posters.
Going apple picking would be cool if you don't know grocery stores exist.
I went to a seafood diner last night. I pulled a mussell.
My cat constantly looks at me like I asked her to give me a ride to the airport.
What did Mister A say to Mister E? It's the popular mystery.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
I fell in love at first sight. I should have looked twice.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away?
The man replies, "Yes, I've been ill."
Insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results.
Welcome to Utah: set your watch back 20 years.
Remember, everyone seems normal until you get to know them...
What did the dentist said to the Sabretooth tiger? You have outstanding teeth.
Up until I bought this bag of chips I thought the air was free.
Student: "At the bottom of the page!"
Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks?
When do monkeys fall from the sky? During Ape-ril showers!
I'm sorry I wasn't part of your past, can I make it up by being in your future?
How did the chemist who failed the temperature test get? Absolute zero.
If Mayans could predict the future, why didn't they predict their extinction?
You're sweeter than 3.14
My dad used to say "Always fight fire with fire." Probably explains why he was thrown out of the Fire Service.
Maybe you need a ladder to climb out of my business?
When people won't talk to me, it doesn't bother me. When a dog won't let me pet them, man, that really hurts.
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
George washington said "We would have a black president when pigs fly!" ... well, swine flu.
I always wanted to marry an Archeologist. The older I would get, the more interested she would become!
Here's to alcohol, the cause of – and solution to – all life's problems.
You have more chins than Chinatown.
Q: When do you kick a midget in the balls?
What did the little Mexican boy get for christmas? My bike.
I went out drinking on St Patricks Day, so I took a bus home... That may not be a big deal to you, but I've never driven a bus before.
Everything is rightly confused.
Why can't fishermen be generous? Because their business makes them sell fish!
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality.
Brains are wonderful, I wish everyone had one.
Why was tiger looking inside the toilet? He was looking for Pooh!
Google is definitely a woman, it starts suggesting things before you can even finish your sentence.
Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, right?
I feel bad for single guys out there. Snap chat filters make 2s look like 10s. Good luck.
One wall to another... Meet you at the corner.
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
There is no dance without the dancers.
I wasn't lying, I was just writing fiction with my mouth.
I was at a restaurant and I noticed my waitress had a black eye. So I ordered very sloooowly because obviously she doesn't listen.
Your mama so fat, when you kill her you got a 5 kill streak.
I used to wonder why Frisbees looked bigger the closer it came... Then it hit me!
Champions Levi's and Fila belong to cheap people that's why only Mexicans wear them.
I wish there was a way to keep in touch with dogs I meet outside of grocery stores.
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
There's nothing like the joy on a kid's face when he first sees the PlayStation box containing the socks I got him for Christmas.
In 20 years, I bet there's going to be a college course called eye contact.
The Shining is my favorite movie about what can happen when you spend too much time with family.
If your going to be two faced at least make one of them pretty.
It's gonna be ok.
I used to drink all brands of beer. Now, I am older Budweiser!
How many light bulbs does it take to change people?
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
Kids, stay in school and get a good degree so you can spend 40% of your life on conference calls.
What's the difference between a Harley and a vacuum cleaner? The position of the dirtbag.
PMS jokes aren't funny. Period.
Nope. Not gonna follow anyone whose name is upside down. I got enough problems.
What do you call a barn full of black people... Antique farm equipment
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Why do women have smaller feet than men? It's one of those "evolutionary things" that allows them to stand closer to the kitchen sink.
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an alter boy.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How do you breathe through that tiny thing?"
What is the difference between a sperm and a lawyer? None, both have one in a million chance to be human beings.
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
A four letter word that every man is afraid of? (More)
How about a month filled with stress and obligation? - Pitch for December
Avoid arguments about the toilet seat...use the sink...
If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love?
Autocorrect just changed "I have so much anxiety I can barely breathe" to "I'm fine."
What's the definition of a Yankee? Same thing as a "quickie", only you do it yourself.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated.
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
Roses are red, Violets are blue. I've got five fingers, The middle one is for you.
Born free, taxed to death.
You know your girlfriend's frigid if the lights go on when you open her legs.
Why did the referees stop the leper hockey game? There was a face-off in the corner.
It's better to be a worldwide alcoholic, than an Alcoholic Anonymous.
Guy: Wanna go out? Girl: I have a boyfriend. Guy: It's just like soccer, just because theres a goalie doesnt mean you cant score.
Virginity is curable.
What does a 75-year-old woman have between her breasts that a 25-year-old doesn't? Her navel.
Did you hear about the blind prostitute? Well, you got to hand it to her.
Everyone has a photographic memory, some don't have film.
Q: What happens to the man who lost his whole left side of his body?
Top Causes of Divorce:
I'll get you wetter than a Scottish summer.
There are two types of guys: those who pee in the shower and those who don't admit it.
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A wet nose.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
If it ain't broke, I haven't borrowed it yet.
What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business? 1. No mind. 2. No business.
What is big,black,and long? The line at KFC.
What do you call a homo police dog? A Gay-9.
You smell like trash..... Can I take you out?
I'm single by choice. Unfortunately, it's not my choice.
Why do white people always go to black people's garage sales? To get their stuff back!
You know the guy that was in the ring? Turns out the one he fought with was a bunch of bull.
A: Don't worry he's "ALRIGHT" now!
Everything always ends well. If not – it's probably not the end.
Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees? Because they are really good at it.
If a wife is silent and not arguing – it means she's sleeping.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed looked.
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way.
I used to think love() was abstract, until you implemented it in MyHeart.
If you have worked and didn't get anything, it means someone else got it.
Did you know that Santa's not allowed to go down chimneys this year? It was declared unsafe by the Elf and Safety Commission.
I rang up British Telecom, I said, "I want to report a nuisance caller", he said "Not you again".
He's so ugly he has to buy flowers for his own hand.
If you jingle my bells ill promise you a white Christmas.
Just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
Doctor's office: All our records are electronic now just fill out these 12 forms.
Let's convert our potential energy into kinetic energy.
How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist? A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
It turns out she was seeing someone else on the side.
Treat each day as your last, one day you will be right.
Identity theft is the most diabolical way someone can compliment you on doing a good job at life.
3 Cheat
That's not a candy cane in my pocket. I'm just glad to see you!
Never marry a woman who was captain of the debate team.
Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing whatever to do.
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you.
If I survived a plane crash in the wilderness, my biggest concern would be how much my airport parking bill would be.
Good women are found in every corner of the earth. Unfortunately earth is round.
Son, when I was your age there was no social media. You had to go to a bar and buy endless drinks to be ignored by multiple women.
What's black on the outside and white on the inside? Whitney Houston's nose! "
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled with my thumb.
Would you send your son to a school run by someone who insisted on being called "Headmaster?"
Walk up to a friend at work or school and whisper, "They know." Then quickly walk away. Most people will wrack their brains wondering what they did that people found out about.
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries.
You take away the looks, money, intelligence, charm and success and, really, there's no real difference between me and George Clooney.
Did you hear about that guy who fell into the infinity pool? Yeah... it took him forever to get out.
When a girl changes her clothes in front of you, she's either really interested or you're level 99 friend-zoned. Or she hasn't spotted you in the tree yet.
You're riding the crest of a slump?
Before I tell my wife something important, I take both her hands in mine. That way she can't hit me with them.
How do you get Pikachu onto the bus? You Pokemon.
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang-rape.
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
One cigarette shortens your life by two hours, one bottle of vodka by three hours, and a workday – eight hours.
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad. And I'm tired of making other people feel good about themselves!
What day does an Easter egg hate the most? Fry-days.
How do you get off a non-stop flight?
You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone? That's your common sense leaving your body.
Do you want to see something stupid? Look in the mirror!
Our family motto is "Who took my phone charger?"
My best toys run on batteries
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.
Not all math puns are terrible. Just sum.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack? He only comes once a year.
Can I trade this job for what's behind door number 1?
A sports bra implies the existence of an academic bra.
Computer does what you command him to do but not what you want from him.
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything was last year.
Salary is like a period – you wait for it a whole month and it ends in a week.
I'll show you where easter eggs come from -- you may be surprised!
They said too much of everything is bad... But too much of goodness ain't bad?
He died doing what he loved, checking his mentions while driving.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Actually, I don't think you're dyslexic; just really, really stupid.
"It looks like your hard drive went soft."
Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible. In a world where there are more women than men, it pays to recycle.
Yes, money cannot buy you happiness, but I'd still feel a lot more comfortable crying in a new BMW than on a bike.
Books are just TV for smart people.
What is the name of an Asian pilot who died in a plane crash? Sum Ting Wong.
I can't wait for Valentine's Day because I get to make cupcakes for a special someone and that special someone is me.
A liberal is a conservative who's been arrested. A conservative is a liberal who's been mugged.
Donated his brain to science before he was done using it.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. He just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around him.
I'm sure my neighbor Nicholas is trying to poison me... You're such an Arse, Nick.
My wife had her period at a Manchester United game, and all I got was this bloody t-shirt.
When I was a kid my mother stopped breast feeding me. I asked her why and she says "hey, I just wanna be friends."
How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper? All of them, skyscrapers can't jump.
What is the true purpose of Valentine's Day? To remind single people they are single.
I don't want to be a millionaire. I just want to have enough money to stare off into the distance while pumping gas.
When an employment application asks who is to be notified in case of emergency, I always write, "A very good doctor".
My apocalypse survival plan is to die immediately.
Where do you find a no-legged dog? Right where you left him.
Coffee makes you hyper, but coffee shops are designed for people to chill, whereas alcohol is a depressant but bars and clubs are designed for people to be energetic.
Raising children takes a village, preferably one with many vineyards.
My friend told me he had a sister. I asked if she was hot and he said she was 8. That wasn't my question.
I got fired as an estate agent the other day. It was for selling the wrong type of semi.
Patient: "Why?"
What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt.
Honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense.
If you find yourself in a hole. Stop digging.
I drink straight out a of the wine bottle while cooking. I think that's what they mean by reducing it.
The hotel has a live band and my favourite song is "We're going for a break now, we'll be back later".
A hole was found in the wall of a nudist camp. The police are looking into it.
My girlfriend got t-shirt for Christmas: I'm so good, Santa came twice.
Saw a rival dad at Home Depot so I asked if he needed help finding anything.
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
What do you get if you cross an owl with a witch? A bird that's ugly but doesn't give a hoot!
A cop accidentally arrested a judge who was dressed like a convict for a costume party. He learned to never book a judge by their cover.
Marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick.
Love is like Heaven... It makes me wish I was dead.
I used to be a boy trapped in a woman's body. But after 9 long months, I was finally born!
Do you need space? Join NASA!
Playing with a toddler is half play and half self-defense.
How is education going to make me smarter?
Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
Why don't black people have dreams? Look what happened to the last one who did.
How did the snowman lose his head? Someone sat on his face.
Whats does giving your sister head and light beer have in common? Even though it tastes the same, you still know something is very wrong.
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
Yesterday I went for a walk with a beautiful girl. When she noticed me, we went for a run.
It's okay Microsoft Excel even my love life is not responding.
Careful! Angry dog in the backyard! Please do not crush him.
Why don't blacks like Tylenol? They have to pick cotton to get to them.
Me: "Hey did you buy '100 Count Tennis Balls' from Amazon?"
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down? Married.
Want to dance? Or should I go to hell again?
Student: "My father's check book!"
Fishermen are reel men.
Just remember, it's better to pay full price than to admit you're a senior citizen.
If opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser.
In my career as a lumberjack, I cut down exactly 82,546 trees. I know that, because I kept a log.
A storm blew away only 25 % of my roof last night. Oof
Promising thread. Keep them cumming!
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning? Introduces themself.
What's the difference between a black guy and a dead guy. Neither of them go home to see their kids.
My girlfriend told me she was going to get pregnant and if wouldn't do it, she was going to the sperm bank! Boy, I gave her a mouth full!
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
When do you congratulate someone on their mistake? On their marriage.
What is white when it's dirty and black when it's clean? A blackboard!
I used to be a banker, but then I lost interest.
Iron Man is a very confusing character. I know he's a guy but he could have been Fe Male.
The girls in my local strip club are so good with computers they do lap top dancing.
My dad used to tell me "always leave them wanting more", which is probably why he lost his job in disaster relief.
I need some band-aids I'm getting cut from all this working out.
I'm a people person, but from a distance.
What did the jester say to the criminal at the guillotine? "Stay calm, and do not lose your head."
Heard about the drug addict fisherman who accidentally caught a duck? Now he's hooked on the quack.
The Best way to get back on your feet is to miss a couple of car payments!
Only 1% of women can achieve orgasm from breast stimulation alone. If you are one of them, kindly contact me directly.
Why did the little old lady make her husband shovel the driveway? She thought she heard him begging for a snow job.
First word in the world - Huh?
Oxygen is proven to be a toxic gas. Anyone who inhales oxygen will normally dies within 80 years.
What do you call a very small valentine? A valentiny.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. We were just informed you are a humanitarian, and my wife is afraid you're going to eat her.
I always wanted to be just like my mother. Today I'm working on dramatically clutching my throat when I'm told the price of anything.
Someone donates one kidney and is hailed as a hero. I donate five, and get arrested?
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
The same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously.
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.
What did the Mexican man say when his house fell on him? Get off me homes.
The media's relationship with Hillary is just like Bill's relationship with Hillary. The relationship is unwanted and forced, and they'll move on to the next person any chance they get.
You'd think that with NSA reading our tweets all the time,  they could star or retweet some of the good ones.
What's the king of all school supplies? The ruler.
What do you call the saddest waterway in Russia? Crimea River.
Squirrels – nature's speed bumps.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Graduation speeches were invented largely in the belief that college students should never be released into the world until they have been properly sedated.
When you were born the doctor slapped your mama and said "oh goodie twins".
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
I wanted to tell you that wherever I am, whatever happens, I'll always think of you, and the time we spent together, as my happiest time. I'd do it all over again, if I had the choice. No regrets.
Next time you wave, use all your fingers.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? Yell at her.
How do you prevent a Summer cold? Catch it in the Winter!
I said "no" to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
Every function without you will always be void of love.
Why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection?
Sometimes, when I am matching socks, I think, "What if these two socks don't even like each other?"
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Then it's just a game. Find the eye!
I just want to be rich enough to threaten to cut people out of my will.
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
You should need a license to be that ugly.
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and give her a house.
I'm stuck somewhere between playing my cards right & not playing with a full deck.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
Does your head only have Udon noodles instead of a brain?
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
What is the cheapest meat you can buy? Deer balls. There under a buck.
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
I know how to feed a nation…but will she eat it?
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Just stayed a night in the YMCA... I don't want to make a song and dance of it.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
Retirement kills more people than hard work ever did.
Till now my life was a mystery now I am going to make it a history.
A woman is like a suitcase: both hard to carry and a pity to throw away.
My wife's maggot soup surprise is better than it used to be now that it is topped with coal ash.
She's so wrinkled, her mother was a Shar Pei.
I've been taking Viagra for my sunburn. It doesn't cure it but it keeps the sheets off my legs at night.
Was invited to a birthday party last evening but didn't have a Blast. Hardly any Bombs!
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
An optimist believes that we live in the best world. A pessimist is afraid that it might be true.
At least cunts are useful you're not.
How do you stop a fish from smelling? Cut its nose off.
How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood? The Blacks get car insurance.
Why do people get married? So they can get divorced.
Autocorrect changed Morning Run to Morning Rum. Change Of Plans, Guys!
I wasn't planning on giving Christmas gifts this year until I heard about those exploding Samsung Galaxy phones.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
Where do fish work? The offish.
Americans pay for gym memberships and for people to mow their lawns.
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
You are so dimwitted even the blackhole night sky looks brighter than you.
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up.
Me: "Not at all."
I was almost the hero once when I went out looking for a lost hiker in the woods, but when I heard him yelling 'I'm here. I'm over here.', in the distance, I realized he knew exactly where he was and wasn't lost, at all, so I called off the search.
Did you hear about the nearsighted porcupine? He fell in love with a pincushion!
How did the reporter kill himself? Noosepaper.
What did the math book say to the psychologist? "Would you like to hear my problems?"
What do you call a black archeologist? Digga.
You would never be able to live down to your reputation, but I see you're doing your best.
In America, you find a party, in Russia, party always finds you.
I would make a joke about Shrek, but they are too ogre-used.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
I liked beer so much that my family didn't know I drank until they saw me sober!
How do you drown a submarine full of blondes? Knock on the door.
Funny how they say we need to talk when they really mean you need to listen.
Black magic.... It doesn't work.
A healthy male organism is the one, which wakes up in the morning before the man.
Everyone has a friend who laughs funnier than he jokes.
What do you call six weeks of rain in Scotland? Summer!
Where is the best place to hide a nigger's food stamps? Under his work boots.
You so ugly on Halloween someone said scary costume.
Someone says to his friend: "I bought a cat"
My first job was being a diesel fitter at a pantyhose factory. As they came off the line, I would hold them up and say, "yeah, Deez-el fit her."
People who write "u" instead of "you". What do you do with all the time you save?
Where does the Easter Bunny go to eat pancakes? To IHOP, of course!
I got a job in a health club, but they said I wasn't fit for the job.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
I love when I leave work early to surprise my wife at home and she greets me with those three very special words… "Were you fired?"
I couldn't join the KKK if I wanted to, my bloodline isn't pure enough. Turns out my parents weren't even related.
Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector.
What is the difference between a Mexican and a book? A book has papers.
What's the definition of a surprise? A fart with a lump in it.
Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute? Your job still sucks!
She wanted a puppy. But I didn't want a puppy. So we compromised and got a puppy.
Life is all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, then soviet.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
That awkward moment when your child looks to you for wisdom and you're like, "Honey, I don't even know what day of the week it is."
The dinner I was cooking for my family was going to be a surprise but the fire trucks ruined it.
How does a cup steal from you? He mugs you.
What is live? Life is love. Whats love? Love is kissing. Whats kissing? Come here and I show you.
(NAME) is a terrific athlete. He recently ran the London Marathon – he was aiming for 3 hours but just missed it! he made it in 3 hrs 150 minutes
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? A thought.
Q: How is life like a penis?
Husband: "They remind me of stars... yellow and far apart."
It's funny how one person can make you never trust anybody...
If you can't say something nice, say it to your husband... he's not listening anyway.
The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
Sometimes I think I am a bad mother because I don't like wine.
Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine.
Don't worry guys, my wife just turned the car radio down so we shouldn't be lost much longer.
If our president decides to get rid of all the retarded people in the U.S., you will be the first one to go!
Two fish are sitting in a tank. One looks over at the other and says: "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
How many Microsoft programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, they declare darkness to be the new standard.
I saw my black neighbour's house being raided, I have no idea as to why. Later did I find out that the crime rate in my area dropped by 50%
I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips
Student: "You will go to jail."
My girlfriend just admitted she used to be a Christian, so I broke up with her. It might seem judgemental, but I have only known her since she was Christine.
A retired husband is often a wife's full-time job.
Your lips are the whitest I've come across.
1.
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
I have an inferiority complex but it's not a very good one.
What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts.
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven "ate" nine.
The slogan for Canada Dry should be "I hope you feel better."
Why did God make man before woman? You need a rough draft before you have a final copy.
No man has ever won a game of "Notice anything different about me?"
How can you tell which is the head nurse? The one with the dirty knees.
To the question ‘What are you doing here?' 72% answered negative.
Why do bachelors like smart women? Because they're so rare.
What is a video game characters favorite method of brawling? Hitboxing!
Woman: "My husband's checkbook."
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
There's never enough time to do it right, but there's always enough time to do it over.
Grandma's been staring through the window ever since it started to snow. If it gets any worse I'll have to let her in.
There is 1 thing 2 do 3 words 4 you I LOVE YOU.
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
I would hug you, but I would rather wait until I'm covered in syrup. And until you have nicer clothes on.
Why is it not good to play tennis in a court? Because you might get arrested.
4. Finances
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch? A: "Beef Jerky!"
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of him than he deserves.
If the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, then lefties are the only ones in their right mind.
Wife: "There is something wrong with you." Me: "What a thing to say just before our dog's first salsa lesson."
Girls are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are.
We just got a fax. At work. We didn't know we had a fax machine. The entire department just stared at it. I poked it with a stick.
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
I hate lying people, they're always in my way to the ocean.
Women sometimes make fools of men, but most guys are the do-it-yourself type.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
I need to get a Transformer for my son for Christmas but it's sold out. I am an optimist primarily so I remain hopeful.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
80 % of the brain is fluid. Unfortunately, in your case, it's brake fluid.
Q: What did the nurse say to John Cena? A: ICU.
My taste in men is so bad, the walk of shame for me is when I'm on my way to a date.
What do you call someone without a nose or a body? Nobodynose.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
I broke up with my girlfriend at restaurant. She started crying. Everyone thought I proposed her so they started clapping.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Me: "You said dress for the job you want." Boss: "Give me my clothes back."
What did the letter O said to letter Q? Put some pants on.
As I get older and remember all the people I've lost along the way. I think to myself maybe a career as a tour guide wasn't for me.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
How does one know a man is going to say something smart?..His senentences start with "A woman once told me.."
A: Your girlfriend makes it hard.
Most turkeys taste better the day after. My mother's tasted better the day before.
Ever since I took geometry at school, my life has turned around 360 degrees.
What's the best thing about being a meth addict? Only one sleep till Christmas.
My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. He was right—I feel ten years older already.
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
Couple beside me in restaurant are on a blind date; they both love dogs, sushi, and looking at Tinder while the other one is in the restroom.
What is the main difference between men and boys? Men's toys cost more.
I'm not going to bungee jump. I was born because of broken rubber and I'm not gonna die the same way.
What's the definition of trust? Two Cannibals giving each other a blowjob!
What medical condition does a person have if the shoot all the bullets out the mag, then tries to shoot the enemy and forgets he shoot all the bullets. Ammoneisa.
My girlfriend is always stealing my t-shirts and sweaters... But if I take one of her dresses, suddenly "we need to talk".
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
A warning shot into the head.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long? Polaroids.
How do you start a black parade? Roll a 40 down the street.
Hey baby, what's your resonance frequency?
"What's wrong with my computer?"
My voicemail message is just instructions on how to send a text message with brief pauses filled with heavy sighing.
It's always a good idea to make friends with babies. That's free cake once a year for a lifetime.
I made a graph of my past relationships. It has an ex axis and a why axis.
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Women are like swimming pools – they cost a great deal of money to maintain, considering the time you spend inside.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because your backside is refreshing.
I just researched my family tree and discovered that I am the sap!
Her cooking is so bad, it would make medicine sick!
A girl never comments on another unless she's jealous.
How is a woman like a road? They both have manholes.
How do hens always know what size your egg cup is? They don't but all eggs always fit.
My penis was in the Guinness book of world records. Then the librarian told me to take it out.
I got caught in police speed trap yesterday. The officer walked up to my car and said "I've been waiting all day for you " Well I said. I got here as fast as I could.
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.
Is Japan looking for you? Cause you're on a whale watch.
An ad at the zoo: ‘Don't scare the ostriches! The floors are concrete!'
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Text him again. He probably just forgot that he's in love with you.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
I read a survey that said 82% of people enjoy being cuddled. But if the people on this bus are any indication, the real figure is, like 0%.
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
What kind of candy is never on time? ChocoLATE!
Stephen Hawking has a great sense of humor. He does One-liners, but not a Stand-up comedy.
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.
I recently got a new Korean mechanic but it's hard to understand him - he speaks with a Hyundai Accent!
Two cheese trucks ran into each other. De brie was everywhere.
Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack.
What is the best way to communicate with a fish? Drop it a line!
I'm going to open a half way house for girls who don't want to go all the way!
Are you Vietnamese? Cause I'm falling pho you.
A 'Jim's Dozen' is 11, because I take one for myself.
I hate spelling errors. You mix up two letters and your whole one liner is urined.
I'm pretty sober, but I'm prettier drunk.
Now I know why they call it a beaver, because I'm dying for your wood.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I never could bring a woman into my house. At first, because of the parents. Later, because of the wife.
Wife renewed me for another season.
What are the 2 reasons the girl broke up with her boyfriend? Because he was a cheetah and because he was lion too much to her.
Don't be worried about your smartphone or TV spying on you. Your vacuum cleaner has been gathering dirt on you for years.
I come from a stupid family. During the civil war my great uncle fought for the West.
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
I don't think it's rude to ask someone in an online dating site to send a picture posing with a copy of today's newspaper.
All the problems fade before a hangover
90% of women don't like men in pink shirts. Ironically, 90% of men in pink shirts don't like women.
I like to finish other people's sentences because... my version is better.
Life is like a box of chocolates; it ends sooner for fat people.
Hell hath no fury like a mother who sees her child using plates reserved only for guests.
Why did the blonde stare at a frozen orange juice can for 2 hours? Because it said "concentrate"!
I tried to sue the airline for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.
First woman: Oh, no. I've known him for years!
I wish my wife was one of those government agents who aren't allowed to talk about what they did at work all day.
I downloaded the Pinterest app and now my phone is stuck in a mason jar.
Maybe it's not global warming. Maybe it's just planetary menopause.
I walked past a homeless guy with a sign that read, "One day, this could be you." I put my money back in my pocket, just in case he's right.
Although I have to repeat myself several times for my children to listen, I take great comfort knowing that one day nothing will annoy them more than me repeating myself.
Why are bad school grades like a shipwreck in the Arctic Ocean? They're both below C level!
Why do men need instant replay on TV sports? Because after 30 seconds they forget what happened.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
What's the difference between Stephen Hawking and the computer he's hooked up to? The computer runs.
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again!
Yo momma is so short, when she went to meet Santa he said, "Go back to work!"
Jesus fed 5,000 men but Hitler made 6,000,000 jews toast.
Someone broke into my house and stole my external hard drive; they really got my backup.
Took the batteries out of the carbon monoxide alarm because the loud beeping was giving me a headache and making me feel sick and dizzy.
The quickest way to sober up during a night out is to pat your pockets and not feel your phone.
The consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like a retard.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used rubbers? One is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
Is my Thai girlfriend really a guy? Something inside me says yes.
The more I practice boxing, the more unclear and obscure things are around me.
The fantasy part of fantasy football is that 10 wives would all let their husbands out on the same night for the draft.
If a guy remembers the color of your eyes after the first date, chances are... you have small boobs.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"
My grandmother replies "well get the hell out then!"
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib!
What cheese would you use to entice a bear out of the woods? Camembert.
Do you play volleyball? Because you look like your good on ur knees!
What do lawyers wear to court?  Lawsuits!
If you cross an owl and a rooster, do you get a cock that stays up all night?
Where did you buy your stupidity? Or it was given for free and you took an overdose?
I like Jesus but he loves me, so it's awkward.
She's looking for a man to take her breath away. Hopefully gagging counts
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing Taxi.
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera? Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? "Are you sure it's mine?"
What do you call a dog on the beach in the Summer? A hot dog!
She's so fat, she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Before I criticize a man, I like to walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when I do criticize him, I'm a mile away and I have his shoes.
I don't have a girlfriend, I just know a girl who would get really mad if she heard me say that.
The lesson of Halloween is that pretending to be something you're not will lead to a sweet reward.
I had to stop drinking, cause I got tired of waking up in my car driving 90.
I wish I had a man around the house... to hand me my tools while I'm fixing things.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
What do perverted leprechauns drink on St. Patricks Day? Mount & Do.
So apparently RSVP'ing back to a wedding invite 'maybe next time' isn't the correct response.
You're so short when you smoke weed you don't get high.
A black person, a Asian and a Mexican jump out of a plane. Who wins? Society.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because the octopus was well armed.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A: a rip off
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
Q: What do you call a bunch of dead black people in a barn? A: Out dated farming equipment.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
How did two oceans or seas become friends? Because they kept waving at each other.
A woman never wakes up her second baby just to see it smile.
Friends wave red flags when you have a bad idea.  Real friends pick up a camera.
Romeo and Juliet is not a love story. It's a 3-day relationship between a 13-year-old and a 17-year-old that cause 6 deaths.
What's red and white, red and white, red and white? Sant rolling off your roof.
If life hands you lemons, break out the tequila!
My girl always tells me "Life is about the little things", but I just hate when she talks about her Ex.
The deeper the pit you're falling into, the more chance you have to learn how to fly.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?
Man to wife: "What did she say?"
What do men and mascara have in common? They both run at the first sign of emotion.
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog.
Golfer: "I'd move heaven and earth to break 100 on this course."
I had an argument with a woman... yeah... I lost...
You are one well-defined function!
My wife and I have started aggressively planning for our retirement, and by that I mean we're playing the lottery 3-5 times per week.
What's the difference of deer nuts and beer nuts? Beer nuts are a $1.75, but deer nut are under a buck.
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana.
You'll never have a successful relationship with a woman if you can't tell the difference between a smile and a warning.
What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
I've got a phobia of over-engineered buildings. It's a complex complex complex.
Why do people litter? Because they dont take the litter signs litterally.
Why is it that in the US: If you take off all your clothes and walk down the street waving a machete and firing an Uzi, terrified citizens will phone the police and report: "There's a naked person outside!"
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun and fun a lot more work.
You can consider yourself lucky in life, if the cognac you drink is older than the woman that you're sleeping with.
Why couldn't the dinosaur clap his hands? Because they're dead.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: "I told you so."
Everything has to be related in a woman: if the mouth shuts, the legs open.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
My parents are from Glasgow which means they're incredibly hard, but I was never smacked as a child. Well, maybe one or two grams to get me to sleep at night.
The proper way to use a stress ball is to throw it at the last person to piss you off.
Pardon me for drooling, but without my jaw, I can't help myself.
For my wife's birthday, I bought her a fridge freezer. I know it's not much, but you should have seen her face light up when she opened it.
What do you call a cow during an earthquake? A milkshake.
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
My husband is on the roof - only a few inches away from an insurance claim that could completely change my life.
I had my credit card stolen the other day but I didn't bother to report it because the thief spends less than my wife.
Sure boss, I'd love to take on some extra work, I have like 7-8 free hours a night where all I do is sleep anyway.
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my Limbo stick. How low can you get?
I'm starting to think cyber security is at the same level as mall security
Maybe if we all sit extremely still, Monday won't be able to see us.
Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
What do you call a mexican running down the hill? A mudslide.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says "I'm possible."
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I always wanted to marry Mrs. Right, but I didn't know her first name was "Always".
A penis is like a Rubik's Cube - the more you play with it, the harder it gets.
I get most of my daily exercise from shrugging.
Why should you not make fun of a crippled person? Because he can't stand the jokes.
Your so ugly when you were born your mom said "Oh what a treasure" and your dad said "Yeah le´ts bury it."
What does NAACP stand for? National Association of Apes Called People.
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
Me: *slides a $20 across the desk* "How about now."
The light at the end of the tunnel... might just be an incoming train.
Every day, man is making bigger and better fool-proof things, and every day, nature is making bigger and better fools. So far, I think nature is winning.
You should be wearing a jersey so i dont have to ask for your name or number
Hi, can I follow you home tonight? Sorry, that came out a little strong, my mom always told me to follow my dreams.
An angry woman can pack everything she owns in an hour, but it will take her a week to pack for vacation? Women...
Good morning to everyone except people who call to make sure you got their email (like 30 seconds after you got it).
If you are joining a new bank bring money with you, make sure you take that into account.
A wife is like a boomerang – the harder you throw the faster she comes back.
Please, Lady, come home with me. You never know what I'll turn into, at midnight!
I made voodoo dolls of my dogs just so I could still rub their bellies while I'm at work.
All I'm saying is there's a reason all the best love songs have the word crazy in them...
I've never once been able to explain my car trouble to a mechanic without resorting to sound effects.
What's the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife? A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.
What do you call a mind reader who can't read minds? A telepathetic.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid.
I've put something aside for a rainy day. It's an umbrella.
The southern person means it.
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
I had such a crush on my sixth-grade teacher... I was home schooled.
Friend: "I don't want to bore you with my problems."
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
I need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are.
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.
A man came up with a new invention, a vibrating tampon. That way a woman can be at her best when she is at her worst.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. Should have cooked it on aloha teperature.
I own a pencil that used to be owned by William Shakespeare, but he chewed it a lot. Now I can't tell if it's 2B or not 2B.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
Every time someone calls me fat I get so depress I cut myself... a piece of cake.
Don't forget that alcohol helps to remove the stress, the bra, the panties and many other problems.
Social life? You mean my phone?
"I see your grades are struggling..." said my mum.
Q: What did the Dorito say to the other Dorito.
If I tell you I'm thinking about you, don't get too excited, because I'm also thinking about nachos.
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
When your kids are little you're a superhero. When they're teens you're a super villain. After that, your only power is invisibility.
Boss: "You're fired."
I might drive you crazy, but at least I'll take the scenic route.
What's the difference between baseball and politics? In baseball you're out if you're caught stealing.
Thank goodness! Testimony from your parrot is not admissible in court.
People keep telling me to become a stand-up comedian and I'm like "Ugh, standing."
The other day I stopped to pick buttercups, what buttocks were doing on the floor I don't know.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Do German cats have multiple lives? Nein.
I like to show my girlfriend who's boss in our house by holding a mirror up to her face.
What's a Jewish persons least favorite movie? Gone with the wind.
Where does one apply to be a "kept man"?
Aibohphobia. It's irrational fear of palindromes.
I'm smiling. This should scare you.
Valentines Day: the holiday that reminds you that if you don't have a special someone, you're alone.
I'm taking Viagra and drinking prune juice - I don't know if I'm coming or going.
I'm no racist I have four black tires and color tv.
You're like milk, I want to make you a part of my complete breakfast.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made with meat?
I went to get 6 Sprites. Accidentally picked 7up.
You know you're getting old when clerks start calling you honey.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can help you look for it quicker, in a convertible.
What do you call a dumb brunette? A dirty blonde.
A rolling stone... somebody pushed it.
Approach a woman in a bar and whisper "Hey, wanna get out of here?" If she says yes, you can sit where she was.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
You so fat that when you stepped onto a scale it said. Bitch I never asked for your phone number.
It currently feels like we're living in the "Days Leading Up To..." section of the history books.
My wine drinking is merely functional... My personality is better with a little marinade.
What do you call a deaf gynecologist? A lip reader.
What do you call a short black person? By their name, you racist.
If you can't buy a person, you can always sell him.
What is the definition of "making love"? Something a woman does while a guy is screwing her.
I'm gonna spend Valentine 's Day with my ex... Box 360.
Do you wanna see a magic trick? Watch me pull something out of my pants!
Definition of Boss: Someone who is early when you are late and late when you are early.
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson!
He said "I'm going to chop off the bottom of one of your trouser legs and put it in a library."
Me: "We are the fire department!"
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
Dance like your microwave isn't watching.
I don't have an attitude; I have a personality you can't handle.
Why did the snowman's daughter become a stripper? Because he was so cold to her.
You can have too much of a good thing: birthdays.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
In the sentence of life, the devil may be a comma - but never let him be the period.
You have a room temperature IQ - if the room is in Antarctica.
Prayer: Don't give God instructions -- just report for duty!
If you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen.
Husband: "Go ahead. Rub it in my face."
I hate reality. But where else can you get a good steak dinner?
Real men don't cry…tears for real men are only unnecessary liquids in the body.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
Loneliness is when you get an e-mail but it's from the newsgroup server.
What can tourists do on a $65 tour of gang turf in Los Angeles? Purchase a postcard, t-shirt, and some crystal meth!
If you are not part of the solution, you're probably running for President
Why do soccer players do so well in math? They know how to use their heads!
Millenials. Walking around like they rent the place.
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
The downside of dating intelligent women is having to Google the names they call you when it ends badly.
Nothing says' I love my dog' quite like spending more money on his haircut than you do your own.
All men are not fools, there are still some bachelors.
How do most men define a wedding? An expensive way to get laundry done for free.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
Me slam fist on the couch: "You woke me up for this?"
Where does a polar bear keep his money? In a snowbank!
Tarzan doesn't have a beard. Yet he lives in the jungle for over 30 years.
Do you like the internet? Cause I can put you on there if you come back to my place.
Why the chicken cross the road? To look for his cock.
He: So then, what's your sign? She: Dollar.
What's the difference between a Jew and a bullet? The bullet gets out of the chamber.
Sports news report: The United... States that they Ghana win.
I'm glad he's single because I'm going to climb that like a tree.
Whats the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has Noel.
I used to be a lifeguard, but this blue kid got me fired.
People come and go but birthdays do accrue.
Yo mamma so fat, when she plays paintball her teammates hide behind her.
Introducing myself to new boyfriends parents: "Hi, I usually don't make it this far."
Burglar gently waking me... "you live like this?"
Twitter is my 'serious' account. My Bank account is the 'joke' one.
What has got two legs and bleeds? Half a dog!
What fruit do you eat when you are sad? Blueberries.
Who doesn't eat on Thanksgiving? A turkey because it is always stuffed.
He doesn't know the meaning of fear... but then again, he doesn't know the meaning of MOST words.
What is the longest website domain name? smiles.com because there is a "mile" between the s's!
I would tell you my autumn joke but you probably wouldn't fall for it
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
Do I play fantasy football? Dude, I'm 46 and married. Most of my life is fantasy.
I hope the guy who invented Autocorrect burns in hello!
A man walks into the doctors and the doctor says, "I've not seen you for a while."
Plan ahead - It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark.
The best part about working in an office is that if you ever forget that you got a haircut, someone will definitely point it out to you.
What's the difference between eggs and yourself? Eggs get laid and you don't.
I have the body of a 25 year old supermodel, but it takes up too much space in my freezer.
You never have to worry about love at first sight if you steadfastly keep looking at your phone.
What do you call a blonde with pig tails? A blowjob with handlebars.
You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force.
My first child has gone off to college and I feel a great emptiness in my life. Specifically, in my checking account.
I figure I might need a new kidney in 30 years, so I've decided to have a kid.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
The human brain is one of the most complex objects in the universe. Is it any wonder that so many people never learn to use it.
If Eve wore a fig leaf, what did Adam wear? A hole in it.
The device will work much better, if you turn it on.
When there are no volunteers, they get appointed.
Did you hear about the math teacher who's afraid of negative numbers? He will stop at nothing to avoid them.
If you were a triangle youd be acute one.
The possibilities are endless, but I just want the good ones.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines. …
How do Rednecks celebrate Halloween? Pump kin!
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Cause I was thinking that we could "humpback" at my place.
What is long and black? The que at KFC.
I'd like to think inside your box.
The key to every relationship is honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. ...Gonna keep typing this until she stops looking over my shoulder.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
I've had so much to drink that you're beginning to look good.
I wear two pairs of pants when I go golfing. People always ask me why I do. I say, "I wear two pants when's I golf just in case I get a hole-in-one.
Oh... Sorry... Did you mistake me for someone who cares?
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
When you try to prove to someone that something doesn't work, it will.
Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade!
Life is scary; at least the salary is funny.
I always give 100 %... which is why I lost my job as an exam marker!
I only drink on days beginning with "T".  Tuesday, Thursday, today and tomorrow.
What goes up and never comes down? Your age!
What did the blanket say to the bed? Don't worry Ive got you covered!
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't black? Ever try and take a rib from a black.
I thought you'd be flattered that my dog found your leg so attractive.
Scientists created a six-legged turkey for families who fight over the drumsticks. But the turkeys escaped, and no one can catch them.
There are a lot of female hormones in beer. When I drink five bottles I also can't drive a car and start behaving illogically.
3: Is my middle name a swear word?
What's the difference between batman and a black man? Batman can go into a store without robin.
What have a gynaecologist and a pizza delivery driver got in common? They can both smell it but can't eat it.
Why is lettuce the most loving vegetable? Because it's all heart.
The wife of my friend is not a woman to me. But if she's pretty he's not my friend.
All my dance moves look like i'm trying to tell the guy on first base to steal second..
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
Justice is a dish best served cold because if it were served warm, it would be justwater.
I went on a date with a blonde woman last night. "Do you have any kids?" she asked. "Yes," I replied. "I have one child that's just under two." She said, "I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."
How many Jews can you fit in a Voltswagen? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, 8 million in the ash tray.
Did you hear about the girl who fell asleep on the Synagogue steps? She woke up with a heavy dew on her.
Why do Jehovah's witnesses hate Halloween? They don't like people knocking on their door!
What kind of key opens a casket? A skeleton key.
Relationships are a lot like algebra.  Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
I was going to be an optometrist, but couldn't see things clearly.
We all have one ginger friend that claims to be "strawberry blonde".
The kid drowned. All his mates showed up at his funeral with life jackets on. Because it's what he would've wanted.
Money isn't everything but it sure keeps you in touch with your children.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust.
Teacher: "Name a bird with wings but can't fly."
You have enough fat to make another human.
Ben: "Well, I heard the coolest thing on the internet right now is netflix and CHILL!"
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money, they don't generate much interest.
How does a farmer count cows? with a cow-calculator.
A large group of other people's children is called a "Nope".
Ice-T was diagnosed with Parkinsons. Now he's using the stage name Chocolate Shake.
I was going to be a computer forensics expert, but couldn't hack IT.
How do you get four queers on a bar stool? Turn it upside down.
I love how in horror movies the person will ask, "Is anyone there?" As if the killer would say "Oh yeah I'm in the kitchen. Want a sandwich?"
I am known at the gym as the "before picture."
My mom said that if I don't get off my computer and do my homework she'll slam my head on the keyboard, but I think she's jokinfjreoiwjrtwe4to8rkljreun8f4ny84c8y4t58lym4wthylmhawt4mylt4amlathnatyn
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
It's been raining for 3 days without stopping. My wife is in depression, she is standing and looking through the window. If the rain doesn't stop tomorrow, I'll have to let her in.
Dear Lord, there is a bug in your software...it's called #Monday, please fix it...
What did the little mountain say to the big mountain? Hi Cliff!
I bought the smallest Fitbit they've got because I wanna get fit but just a little bit.
Look, if crying doesn't solve the problem, then maybe I'm just not the person you should be asking.
What is a skeleton? Skeleton is a person who starts dieting but forgot to stop it...
Dad said: "Ya let's bury."
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
What do you get when a black person and a samoan have kids? Sum mo niggaz.
5-year plan? I haven't even planned this sentence volcano.
Slept like a log last night... Woke up in the fireplace.
Thieves had broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. Dirty Bastards.
Transitional age is when during a hot day you don't know what you want – ice cream or beer.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from local zoo.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Nothing makes me more suspicious than an unsolicited compliment.
If a man goes cheats for four times, according to the rules of geometry, he will come home.
Some people have skeletons in their closet. I have a whole graveyard!
Why are men like blenders? You need one, but you're not quite sure why.
What do Michelangelo and Kurt Cobain have in common? They both used their brains to paint the ceiling.
I don't need more meds, just fewer people.
What do you have when you have two balls in your hand? A man's undivided attention!
1. Stop aiming the camera at yourself
I'm black in complexion, not dark in color.
Tried to make a joke about putting Marijuana in the Dryer... All I got was Tumbleweed.
Uber lost over a billion dollars in the last six months so they're asking their drivers to check between the seat cushions.
Believe me if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows!
I love my motorcycle - it's great for getting to the front of queues quicker. It does always terrify the other people in the post office though.
Emilia: "You are the only one."
Why are black peoples nostrils so big? Because that's what God held them by when he was painting them.
According to the principle of the sandwich, if you put butter on both sides the sandwich will hang in the air.
Do you sell hot dogs? Because you know how to make a wiener stand.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob if we don't get support people are going to think we're nuts.
Never ask a woman who is eating ice cream straight from the carton how she's doing.
A straight face and a sincere-sounding "Huh?" have gotten me out of more trouble than I can remember.
Hung a picture up on the wall the other day. Nailed it.
New Year's Day: Now is the accepted time to make your regular annual good resolutions. Next week you can begin paving hell with them as usual.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? Because it might crack up!
Why are spiders great tennis players? Cause they have great topspin.
I went to the shop to buy 6 cans of Sprite. It's only when I got home I realised I'd picked 7 up.
Not to brag, but I still fit into the lack of enthusiasm I had in high school.
I got a new pair of gloves today, but they're both 'lefts' which, on the one hand, is great, but on the other, it's just not right.
How do you know if you're an ugly girl? If you know what the drinks cost at a bar.
Such a little man, such a drama queen.
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
I always adjust the seat and mirrors when I drive my husband's car so he doesn't forget he's married.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
I'm a prince in Lagos, Nigeria and I want you to help me move $500 million out of the country.
A woman is like a shadow: when you walk from behind she runs away. When you run from her – follows you behind.
We must pay for the mistakes of our youth… at the drugstore.
Went to quite a few stores to find the best prices for herbs... I think it was thyme well spent.
What would we get if we'd cross one nigger and octopus? I have no idea, but it picks cotton like crazy.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
The wind was so strong last night I really struggled to light my cigarette. Eventually, after 20 minutes of trying, I gave in and stopped my motorbike on the hard shoulder.
Whats orange and looks good on a black guy? Fire.
If you want to hide your face, go out naked.
Cats spend two thirds of their lives sleeping, and the other third making viral videos.
Why don't women want to get engaged on St Patricks Day? 'Cause they don't want to get a "sham rock".
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Women are cursed, and men are the proof.
You're a lot like train tracks, you've gotten laid across the county.
My wife gave birth 4 times and still fits in her prom dress from high school.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
Doggies just call it style.
I'll bet your parents hit the JERKpot!
I saw my dad chopping up onions today and I cried. Onions was a good dog.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho path.
Whoever said nothing is impossible is a liar. I've been doing nothing for years.
I like to hold hands at the movies... which always seems to startle strangers.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say? "Beat it - we're closed."
You can't spell Advertisements without putting semen between tits.
Don't drink while driving – you will spill the beer.
Alcohol not only expands the blood vessels but also communications.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday!
How do Chinese people name their kids? They throw pots and pans down the stairs.
ISIS is taking back territory after a surprise turn of events. Their new partnership with Samsung is quickly paying off
Hi, I'm a geologist - I was wondering if I could explore your natural resources...
If my puns are cheesy, then they would go well with crackers.
Did I say feelings? I meant uhhh sandwiches. I have sandwiches for you.
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I'd advise you graduates to keep your graduation gown. It's the only outfit you might not outgrow.
If you see me smiling it's because I'm thinking of doing something evil or naughty. If you see me laughing it's because I've already done it.
What's the difference between Jews and a pizza? It's okay to burn a Jew!
Finland has just closed it borders... so now nobody can cross the Finnish line.
What do most men consider a gourmet restaurant? Any place without a drive-up window.
Why do women have cleaner minds than men? Because they change theirs more often.
Why don't you remove those barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.
-Toddlers
My parents won't say which of their six kids they love the best, but they have told me I finished just out of the top five.
Why was Cinderella banned from playing sports? Because she always ran away from the ball.
Offer to wake up early and make pancakes for your family. Cut up round, pancake-size pieces of cloth beforehand. Coat the cloth pieces with batter and cook them up. They look like actual pancakes, but can't be cut, even with a knife.
Two cows in a field. Which one is on holiday? The one with the week cave.
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? "You're too young to smoke."
Wife to husband: "I'm pregnant!"
What do you call a dictionary using meth? Addictionary.
Nothing ruins a Friday more than an understanding that today is Tuesday.
Let's get married and have kids so instead of enjoying coffee in the morning you can braid hair while I pack lunches and we can all be late.
I caught my neighborhood stealing my red food dye... When he was caught red handed he said "I'm gonna dye".
Alcohol won't mend a broken heart.But that doesn't mean I won't try it again tonight.
Most females don't answer video calls after 9pm because their face has been restored to factory settings.
Stretchy shrink-wrap can be loads of fun. You can get it at most office supply stores. Completely wrap a friend's car, bike, or motorcycle. Extra credit: leave a large pink bow on top.
An average teenage boy nowadays has seen more naked women than all of their ancestors put together.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Nurse: "Doctor why is there a thermometer behind your ear?
What's the difference between men and women going to the same holiday destination? Women go to phuket men go to fuket.
My tennis opponent was not happy with my serve. He kept returning it.
Son asking father. Why are niggers so black daddy? Well son, whip this one while I think about it.
At my job, I have 500 people under me. I'm a security guard at a cemetery.
I used to date a girl that reported the weather. We had a very stormy relationship.
A guy with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence.
I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.
I asked my friend for a sharpened pencil, but he didn't have one. I always knew he was a little dull...
Why can't the bank keep a secret? It has too many tellers!
The real reason I keep my car messy is just in case anyone ever tries to steal it maybe they will feel sorry for me instead.
I invented a new word today. Plagiarism.
I typed "married" but it was auto-corrected to "martyred". Damn,smartphone has gained intelligence.
We All KEA! My first day on the job at an IKEA store, I was told by my boss that employees needed to go to the meeting room before every shift. I asked why. He said, "Assembly required."
What's the difference between a knife and a feminist? The knife has a point.
You're old enough to remember when emojis were called "hieroglyphics."
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
We've heard that ignorance of maths is growing geometrically, whatever that means.
Why does the alcoholic Avon lady walk funny? Because her lips stick.
What do you call a young army? Infantry.
But John came fifth and won a toaster.
Nurse: "We need a stool sample and a urine sample."
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
Why do witches not wear underwear? So they get a better grip.
My hope for you is that you someday find the end of your sentence
People who want to share their religious or political views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
What travels at 200km's a hour? A black man hearing a dollar drop to the ground.
It's not what man can create it's what man can become.
Sometimes late at night in bed, I wonder what life choices do I have to make to be the guy who says 'yeah' in the background of hip-hop songs.
I can't jump over a cow, but you should check out my calves.
What do you do with a sick chemist? If you can't helium then you curium and you barium.
It ain't the jeans that make your butt look fat.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it.
How are husbands like lawn mowers? They're hard to get started, they emit noxious odors, and half the time they don't work.
"Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I'd check my watch but I can't take my eyes off you."
Nutella: A reason to buy bread.
My local priest thinks he's ugly, so ugly in fact he's decided to wear a mask when he offers holy communion. Certainly is a blessing in disguise.
What's Blonde and dead in a closet? The Hide and Seek Champion from 1995.
I work in a library. Literally, all we do is judge books by their covers.
Why do volleyball player want to join the armed forces? For the chance to gain some experience in the service.
Oh good, an email from every single store or website I've ever bought something from.
Why do vegetarians give good head? Because they are used to eating nuts!
She's so ugly, the fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
Muy Picante: What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeño business!
I never admit or deny anything it makes things more interesting.
I forgot my coffee this morning so I'm gonna drive on the rumble strips along the side of the road all the way to work just to be safe.
Do you want to see a murderer? Kill someone and look yourself in the mirror.
Today a fortune cookie told me that every exit is an entrance. Long story short, my girlfriend said no.
The only thing worse than seeing something done wrong is seeing it done slowly.
I want to go to IKEA, hide in a wardrobe, wait for someone to open it and yell "WELCOME TO NARNIA".
If a leper gives you the finger, do you have to give it back?
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
70% of our planet is covered in water, the other 30% is covered in idiots.
I feel so tired every time I meet you... Why? Because whenever I look into your eyes I can't find the way out.
I had amnesia once - maybe twice.
The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."
What kind of tie does a ghost wear to a formal party? A boo-tie.
Love is like peeing yourself – everyone can see but only you feel the warmth.
If I wanted to get trapped in a scary maze, I'd just go into my kid's bedroom.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
I remember as a child, lying in bed waiting for Santa to come... Then there was always that awkward silence as he got dressed and left.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.
The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is to leave her with no hard feelings.
Thanks once again to autocorrect, my sister's kids are expecting the Easter Rabbi tomorrow.
What a do pizza boy and a gynecologist have in common? They can smell it but they can't eat it.
I thought it was my birthday cake but it was just the shed on fire.
You: "Is there 22 letters in the alphabet..."
I hate going on the road, it Drives me crazy.
Please don't eat me! I have a wife and kids... ... ...Eat them!
Imagine being 5 minutes from the end of the longest movie ever & it starts over because it forgot something. That's my kid telling a story.
‘Who the hell allowed me to be born in this stupid head?' a Thought said and killed herself…
Roses are red, so are your lips. Sit on my face and wiggle those hips.
Nobody ever asks how Coca-Cola is doing. It's always, "Is Pepsi okay?"
I gave birth 0 times and I don't fit in my pants from March.
Kids, don't grow up... it's a trap!
Math Teacher: "If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?"
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready.
What do you call a snowman in July? A puddle.
2. Break up
The only reason I've been going out with  this guy all summer is because I have no idea how to operate my gas grill.
Looking at you, I understand why some animals eat their young.
My buddy set me up on a blind date & said, "Heads up, she's expecting a baby." Felt like an idiot sitting in the bar wearing just a diaper.
I have a friend. He keeps trying to convince me he's a compulsive liar, but I don't believe him.
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Hear about the new drug for lesbians? Trycocksagain.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
It's a pleasure to see you and another – not to see.
Rape is a terrible crime... I'll never understand how a man can traumatize a woman like that. That's why I always make sure they don't remember...
How did Mary and Joseph know that Jesus weighed 4.2 kg? Cause thay had a weigh in the mangor.
When your partner wants to have intercourse pull up a chair and start talking.
Political parties are like toilet paper. Whichever side you select, you end up getting poop!
What did the elephant say to his girlfriend? "I love you a ton!"
An old woman at a wedding told me that I'm next... so I said that to her at a funeral.
Get married early in the morning. That way, if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted a whole day.
Why call someone when you can just decide where you and your friend want to meet by exchanging 76 text messages?
My girlfriends dad asked me what I do. Apparently, "your daughter" wasn't the right answer.
What's a man's idea of a perfect date? A woman who answers the door stark naked holding a six pack.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
If I got a penny for everyone I've met who is as beautiful as you, I'd have all the money in the world.
For Mother's Day, I got my mom a case of Bud Lite. After all, I'm the reason she drinks.
My son just asked me if cats can have babies when they aren't married and I told him yes, but I honestly don't know.
A: I can't tell you it was to cheesy.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
Knock, knock. "Who's there?" "Annie." "Annie who?" "Annie body home?"
*forgets to bring phone into the bathroom* I'm off the grid
Today's top fact: 50% of Canada is A.
I disapprove of every conspiracy of which I am not a part.
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
I've seen a turkey but I've never been to Turkey.
Is it good or bad if your vacuum sucks?
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
How do you know your old? People call at 9 p.m. and ask, "Did I wake you?"
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
What's your amplitude for charm-strange mixing?
I'm on the snake diet. It's the one where you lie on the floor all day, eat 25% of your body weight, and hiss at anyone who comes near you.
My Sister was crying so I asked her if she was having a cry-sis.
A camel can work 10 days without drinking, I can drink 10 days without working.
Why was Cinderella such a bad field hockey player? Her coach was a pumpkin.
If you're going through Hell, keep going.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
How do you get a man with only one arm out of a tree? Wave.
Happy birthday, Bono. I wanted to get you the perfect present, but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
What's the difference between wife and a blue whale? About 10 pounds.
My dad used to always warn me about anal. He would say "Now son, this may hurt a bit".
Even if it wasn't cursed, a monkey paw is a terrible gift.
He can't decide whether to have his visor half open or half closed.
Thanks honey for rolling over at 3am and telling me I should get some sleep.
What's got four legs and one arm? A Rottweiler.
You're proof that god has a sense of humor.
The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off due to budget cuts.
Two years ago I married a lovely young virgin, and if that doesn't change soon, I'm gonna divorce her.
Love is one long sweet dream... and marriage is the alarm clock.
I start every conversation with my employees by saying, "I shouldn't be telling you this" just so I know they will listen.
You can never lose a homing pigeon - if your homing pigeon doesn't come back, what you've lost is a pigeon.
Hey baby, wanna violate the Pauli Exclusion Principle with me?
I hate cocaine dealers. Always sticking their business into other people's noses.
Diet Day #1 - I removed all the fattening food from my house. It was delicious.
I guess the Tupperware lids in my house just graduate and go off to college or something.
I like jokes but i like hu mor.
1 Forget to start the dishwasher
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water.
If we're all God's children, what's so special about Jesus? This Guy is a goldmine.
I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Barking dog at the back door wanting in and your wife's yelling at the front wanting in. Which one do you let in? The dog, once he's in, he shuts up!
Somedays I feel like running away. Then I remember how much I hate running.
Panties not best thing on earth, but next to it.
Eskimo: "Everything I own basically."
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
Yesterday I decided to change my WiFi name to "Hack me if you can" and when I woke up this morning I saw the name changed to "Challenge accepted" somebody help.
Dance Dance Revolution is an intense game but an even more intense to-do list
Why can't Jesus play hockey? A: He keeps getting nailed to the boards.
Instead of comparing yourself to your peers, change it up and compare yourself to rocks. I am doing pretty good for a rock.
Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?
If at first you don't succeed: try management.
English is weird. It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is two hearts and a diamond. By the end, you wish you had a club and a spade.
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
Why, yes, I am dressed for the weather.I am wearing a house.
What did the giraffe say to the zebra when his mom called him home? Zebra later!
A living dummy once proclaimed, "I'm the scariest thing in the universe, if I say so myself!".
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
Diet Coke: Making people feel better about ordering two Big Macs and a large fry since 1982.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
If it's tourist season, does that mean we can shoot them?
Why don´t women have men´s brains? Because they don't have penises to put them in
The panic begins with the first one to say ‘Calm down!'
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
My calling in life went straight to voicemail.
The hardest part of any relationship is when it's not your turn to talk.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
We can't afford to take our kids to a corn maze this year so we're just going to take them to an IKEA instead.
There are good cheese puns and bad cheese puns. Between them, there's a gruyerea.
My wife said wanted something shiny that went from 0-150 in under 2 seconds. I gave her a scale.
Your cock is so small you could use it to floss teeth.
What does tightrope walking and getting a blowjob from Grandma have in common? You don't look down.
Your face is the reason why the new iPhone X failed to recognize someone's face.
There is no I in Team, but there's always one big A... if you know what I mean.
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born.
Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!
79% of U.S. paper money is contaminated with traces of cocaine.
If you wrote essay about chinese food,what would it call? Dogcument.
What's the only drink size they allow in North Korea? A supreme liter.
My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're my type!
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I'm an adult. I don't cry over spilt milk unless it has coffee in it.
Where does a cracker meet his future wife? Family reunion.
Police advise citizens to be on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals!
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just cant hold it in!
What should you give a man who has everything? A woman to show him how to work it.
I screamed at my neighbor, "What on earth are you doing on our roof!"
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
What do friends and trees have in common? They both fall down when you hit them with an axe.
The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
Tattoos are like babies. You don't dare tell the truth and say they're ugly.
Why did the downhill skier take off all his clothes? Because he wanted to get windblown.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate!
What is Al Caedas favorite football team? The New York Jets.
I started wearing skinny jeans because they're fashionable and I was tired of my wife respecting me as a man.
Wouldn't exercise be more fun if calories screamed while you burned them?
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
Did you hear they banned fans from doing "The Wave" at all sports events? Too many blondes were drowning.
Cannibals like to meat people.
Can a woman make you a Millionaire? Yes, if you're a Billionaire.
When you want to marry a beautiful, a smart and a rich woman – marry three times.
Best goal keepers are women ; they never let any ball enters
My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back.
Fathers Day is just like Mothers Day, only you don't spend as much.
Me, age 25: "It's 3am and i can't afford an uber good thing i wore my running shoes!"
They call me coffee cause I grind so fine.
What do you call a man having a seizure in a pile of leaves? Russell.
1. They would spend it on alcohol.
I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots. And..
Science builds planes and skyscrapers, but faith brings them together.
Just cause you got a bigger brain doesn't mean you got more IQ.
Doc says to the patient, "You have the body of a twenty-year-old, but you should return it. You're stretching it completely out of shape."
I'm being managed by Don King again
I spy with my little eye nothing because I only have two normal-sized eyes.
Hi, welcome to dating. These are your two options:
What goes "oh oh oh"? Santa walking backwards.
When watching any game of woman's sport you must always spare minutes silence and think of all the men who will go without dinner tonight.
Your hairline is like Pluto, unreachable.
What did the boy cat say to the girl cat on Valentine's Day? You're purrr-fect for me!
A: When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.
You can't be a real country unless you have a BEER and an airline - it helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a BEER.
If you didn't take a selfie at the gym, were you really there?
Laziness Level: I get jealous when it's bedtime in other countries
Only in America ... do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.
Being a great father is like shaving. No matter how good you shaved today, you have to do it again tomorrow.
This morning some clown opened the door for me. I thought to myself that's a nice Jester.
Why did the librarian get kicked off the plane? Because it was overbooked.
Student: "A drinking problem."
And the other: "You have to be kitten me!"
You know what a fat girl and a moped have in common? They are both fun to ride until your friends see you!
Why did the farmer run a steamroller over his potato field on Thanksgiving Day? He wanted to raise mashed potatoes.
My midget friend got thrown out of the nudist colony because he kept getting in everyone's hair.
I'm watching my neighbor through the blinds, he's so creepy.
Why did a woman include a bag of meth with her ATM transaction? She thought it would speed up her deposit!
You must work at subway...cause you're givin' me a foot long.
What is the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease? One is a cunning runt, and the other is a running c*nt.
Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success.
I think therefore I can't get anything done.
What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette? Artificial intelligence.
Thanks to Heroin I think I'm addicted to needles.
All I'm saying is why blame it on being lazy when you can blame it on being old?
Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
No checks (Czechs are welcome).
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (no) me neither but enough to break the ice, hi my name is .....
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
An idea came to the mind, and now she's searching for the brain.
You're the best! At being the worst.
College is the opposite of kidnapping. They demand $100,000 from you or they'll send your kid back.
My wife is not buying that autocorrect changed "You're psychic" to "You're psycho."
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
What's the best thing about 28 year old's? There's 20 of them.
Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Spreading rumors? At least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
What is 6.9? A good thing ruined by a period.
Smoking is a slow death! But we're not in a hurry…
Little catholic boy asked the priest "do you mind if I play the organ this week?" And the priest replied "not at all."
Can I borrow your cellphone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
Anyone who says "good morning" on a Monday is a sociopath.
It is better to have a hole in your hand than a hand in your hole.
What should you do if you come across an elephant? Apologize and wipe it off.
It takes patience to listen.. it takes skill to pretend you're listening.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
I've decided to sell my Hoover... well, it was just collecting dust.
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
If a stranger offers you a piece of candy...take two.
I would tell a history joke, but they're too old fashioned.
A man to a woman," Did you see my watch? I was so busy that I didn't have time to find it."
Told my girlfriend that my mom is deaf, so speak loud and slow. Told my mom that my girlfriend is retarded...
I'm here for whatever you need me to do from the couch.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Dads are like boomerangs... I hope.
I hate girls that complain about being single every 3 minutes. 90% of my socks are single & you don't see them crying about it.
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
To the women who say "Men are only interested in one thing." Have you ever considered being more interesting?
I don't buy fat-free milk because I don't want to contribute to cows having body issues.
Impress them on your first date by showing up in a shirt with their face on it.
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone.
I grew a beard thinking it would say "Distinguished Gentleman." Instead, turns out it says, "Senior Discount, Please!"
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.
3 men are stranded in a boat with 4 cigarettes and no way to light them. So they toss the 4th cigarette overboard, which makes the whole boat a cigarette lighter.
Why don't men have mid-life crises? They stay stuck in adolescence.
What do you call a monkey with a gun? Gorillawarfare.
Mom, thanks for providing me with love that's as never-ending as your voicemails.
What do tofu and dildos have in common? They're both meat substitutes.
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
There are three kinds of people: Those who can count and those who can't.
Never laugh at your girlfriends choices... your one of them.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
Why do men name their penises? Because they don't like the idea of having a stranger make 90% of their decisions.
I wonder where my brother is, his lunch is getting all cold ... ... ... and eaten..
Why did the baseball player have difficulty dating? Because he always had trouble getting to first base.
What do you call cheese that is not yours? Nacho cheese!
I park in the farthest spot possible at the gym for the added benefit of eating my croissan'wich without being judged by people walking by.
Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
If I get interviewed by a police sketch artists, my only goal will be to see how far I get before he realizes I'm making him draw a pirate.
What happened when the two angels got married? They lived harpily ever after!
Marriage advice for dummies: Five worst things you can do
A magician turned his testicles into two chicken.
What's the difference between an Aussie and a Yoghurt? A Yoghurt's got culture!
How many cats equal a husband?
If a woman has fallen – an idiot will walk by, a gentleman will help her to get up, but a real man will lie down with her.
I have a dog to provide me with unconditional love but I also have a cat to remind me that I don't deserve it. It's all about balance.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican? They steal all the green cards.
When I go jogging, I listen to a portable CD player, so people think I've been running for 10 years.
A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, "Is this some kind of joke?"
If a woman is cold as a fish, a man has to be as patient as a fisherman.
I once worked as a salesman and was very independent; I took orders from no one.
The older you get, the more you need to keep a fire extinguisher close to the cake.
I run faster horny than you do scared.
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me either. Just pretty much leave me the hell alone.
My girlfriend broke up with me because I stole her wheelchair.  I knew she'd come crawling back to me.
How many cops does it take to throw a black man down a flight of stairs? None. He Fell.
What's blue and doesn't fit? A dead epileptic.
I was such an ugly kid. When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
Some people prefer their women young and tender; I prefer mine ten and younger.
If I had a dollar for every time someone called me a racist, I'd have enough money for a black guy to rob me and a jew to pick up the coins he drops as he runs away.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach. Those who can't teach become Secretary of Education.
It's good to learn from other's mistakes, I wish people learn something from me.
Becoming a father is easy enough, but being one can be very rough.
You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list.
I was going to share a vegetable joke but it's corny.
My mother used to say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Lovely woman. Useless surgeon.
Everybody loves success, but they hate successful people.
I am not catholic, don't cross me.
Weirdos.
Some people say "If you can't beat them, join them". I say "If you can't beat them, beat them", because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
One time somebody said if I was an element, I'd be copper. Then someone else told me I'm tellurium. Does that mean I'm CuTe?
What is the difference between Mechanical Engineers and Civil Engineers? Mechanical Engineers build weapons, Civil Engineers build targets.
If zombies are attacking you, just invite them to a party! Nobody wants to kill the life of a party!
I had prepared for a battle of wits but I see you came unarmed.
Sex is like air; its not important unless you arent getting any.
I've been waiting to get a book on how to commit suicide from the library but the last guy hasn't brought it back.
What did the pig say at the beach on a hot summer's day? I'm bacon!
What do you call a Camel with 3 humps? Pregnant!
Why do we laugh at female presidential candidates? Because they're Hillary-ous!
What do you call a mountain where people never sleep? Mt Neverest.
Took my dog to a bonfire and as he sat there staring at it blankly I realized he loves sticks. I was burning a giant pile of his toys.
I am now on three dating sites because you can never get enough rejection.
(NAME) spent most of his university days single But it was by choice. Woman chose not to date him.
What do you call a turkey that's got no feathers? Thanksgiving dinner.
How do you fix a woman's watch? Why should you? There's a clock on the oven.
"Are you ready to rock?"
Is your name Jingle Bells, cause you look like you go all the way
When some one told you that you have jelly rolls, you tried to eat yourself but your fat body stopped you from doing so.
I plan to donate my liver to an alcoholic so i'll know it's a match
Throws salad into a garden: "Go home boy... you're free now."
Why couldn't the bike stand up on it's own? It was two tired.
What's a man's definition of a romantic evening? Sex.
God makes everyone in his own image, no? Yeah, he was drunk.
What kind of Uber are you - long or short rides?
How many lights does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, the light is already in the bulb.
Why do dogs make good sailors? They know their knots.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
If you're still looking for that one person who will change your life take a look in the mirror.
Say what you want about deaf people...
I don't date older women because it takes too long to listen to their life story.
What's the difference between light and hard? You can sleep with a light on.
If I discovered a new animal I'd call it a Quorn to mess with vegetarians.
What's black and white and red all over? Santa covered with chimney soot.
Well, just told the Starbucks barista my name is "No War in Syria". I know it's not much, but I hope it helps.
How do you know if someone is hitchhiking or just complimenting your driving?
How is a man like the weather? Nothing can be done to change either one of them.
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
What's another name for the highway to hell?
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
I hate it when people don't know the difference between your and you're. There so stupid.
Drugs are like guns, black people love them, but they never seem to be stealing them as to dealing.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis.
I like kids, but I don't think I could eat a whole one.
Most guys walk up and stick it in... I stick it in then walk up...
What did the beach say as the tide came in? Long time no sea.
A Roman fighter consumed his wife. He said he was glad 'e ate 'er...
Why did the banana go out with the prune? Because it couldn't get a date.
Men should be like coffee: strong, hot and not letting you sleep for the whole night. However, most of them are like copy machines: suitable only for reproduction.
I think it's a real shame that today's young people don't even know why we really celebrate Halloween. None of us would be here today if Jesus hadn't slain that giant pumpkin.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter.
I'm aging like a fine banana.
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
If you believe that the quickest way to a man's heart is the stomach, you know that you are aiming a little too high.
I'm not a bad guy! I work hard, and I love my kids. So why should I spend half my Sunday hearing about how I'm going to Hell?
My wife suggested we should try some role reversal in bed so I told her I have a headache.
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
Why did the farmer only wear one boot to town? He heard there would be a 50% chance of snow!
If someone is spitting behind you, it means you're in front.
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see.
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
Deodorant? No, I've never needed to buy any. People just give it to me, complete strangers sometimes.
I hugged someone once and they expected it every time they saw me. I'll never do that again.
Winter's coming so I'm knitting you a muffler. What size is your mouth?
Join The Army, visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly sheep.
I am so old I can tell the same joke on facebook every day. Some of my friends are so old, they will think it is a new joke every day.
What do you call a owl that does magic tricks? Hoodini.
I don't like telling dairy jokes 'cause they're always too cheesy.
I wanted to thank you personally for the like. That's why I'm in your house.
Why don't rednecks do reverse cowgirl? They never turn their back on family.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
My "it's cold outside" post just went viral on Facebook.
Depression: A period during which we have to get along without the things our grandparents never dreamed of.
I traded my Wifey for Wi-Fi! I'm now a refurbished Daddyrn@onlylebtim.
How can you tell when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts a sentence with "a man once told me".
How can you be so sad when you are so beautiful?
Loneliness is when a person always knows where all of his things are.
A dad is washing the car with his son. After a moment, the son asks his father, "Do you think we could use a sponge instead?"
About a month before he died, my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went down hill fast.
Smoking will kill you... Bacon will kill you... But, smoking bacon will cure it.
Girl, are you a modern day savings account because I keep investing money in you but I'm not getting much interest.
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
Those of you who think you know it all are damn annoying to those of us who do!
Your opinion is very important to me, please remain on the line until it goes to voicemail.
If you don't like my opinion of you – improve yourself!
If The Weekend canceled his tour, would it be next Weekend, the Weekend after next or three Weekends from this Saturday?
What's alike with bikes and black people? They only start working when you put the chains on them.
Don't drink and drive, might hit a bump and spill it.
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can't tuna fish!
I'm not sure if I lost my camo pants or if they're just doing a really good job.
Why don't the enemies of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles just flip them on their backs?
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!
Losing a wife can be very tough. Some may even say impossible.
Why doesn't Santa have any kids? He only comes once a year.
I know that there are people who don't love their fellow man – I hate those people.
If the fortune has turned her back on you, you can do whatever you want behind her back.
If Apple built a house would it have windows?
Why are men like cars? Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.
Why do Gay men pay such high car insurance? Because they are always getting creamed from behind!
Top 3 situations that require witnesses:
You should know, that no one understood it was an April fool's joke because no one expected you have a sense of humor.
42 percent of statistics are made up!
Don't underestimate me, that's my mother's job.
Subway is definitely the healthiest fast food available because they make you get out of the car.
What do women and police cars have in common? They both make a lot of noise to let you know they are coming.
Yo momma's like a door handle... everybody gets a turn
Why does it feel like time slows down during the day when you're at work and rapidly speeds up at night when you get home?
Isn't it annoying when engineering students call themselves engineers? You don't hear medical students calling themselves doctors or art students calling themselves baristas.
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
I hate when a couple argues in public but I missed the start and don't know whose side I'm on.
The 3 stages of man: He believes in Santa Claus. He doesn't believe in Santa Claus. He is Santa Claus.
If you're violent but also creative, try paintball.
Your clothes would look better accelerating towards the floor at 9.8 m/s
You: "Sorry I forgot U R Q T"
What do you buy a friend graduating from Law School? A law-botomy.
One day I shall solve my problems with maturity. Today, however, it will be alcohol.
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale? Humpme Dumpme!
How are you related to the sun? Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
What do you call a 5-gallon drum stuffed full of white people? A cracker barrel.
Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
Hey baby, there's an OverflowException in my pants, care to handle it for me?
You have to be flexible to work here. On many occasions, you'll be asked to bend over and grab your ankles.
A genius lives in every one of us. Each day more and more heavily…
Twitter is great if you can't afford therapy but you also don't want to get any better.
They used to time me with a stopwatch... now they use a calendar.
I went to school without my shoes today. I got shoe-spended for a week.
A relationship without trust is like a phone without service. And what do you do with a phone without service? You play games.
Why are men are like coffee? The best ones are rich, hot, and can keep you up all night.
Dear Couples Who Fight In Public, stop trying to whisper and would it kill you to include some backstory.
Everyone's making memes on Iran and USA, meanwhile the struggle Israel.
*clicks link*
Me in my 30's: "dresses like I walk cats."
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
People who say they've lost their voice are lying.
When will pigs fly? When we launch them to mars for the astronauts to have bacon!
There are drunk bikers. There are old bikers. There are NO old, drunk bikers.
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
Why are blacks good at hide and seek in the dark? Because they blend in.
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying
When men say "I'm fine" they actually mean it.
Happy Mother's Day! Yes, it's today. How fast can you glue macaroni into a bracelet?
Why doesn't any man need more than one rooster?
Parenting is filled with wonder. Like wondering why your 4 years old raced into the kitchen and quietly grabbed a handful of napkins.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too.
How come "you're a peach" is a complement but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
A good sportsman ship.
As the joker said, if you are good at something why do it for free...
We shouldn't make fun of fat people because they already have enough on their plate.
Middle age is when you're faced with two temptations and you choose the one that will get you home by nine o'clock.
Darling, what are you thinking about right now? If I would want you to know, I would say it not think about it.
If you want your dreams to be as fascinating to other people as they are to you, don't mention it's a dream until the end of the story.
Why do men like smart women? Opposites attract.
The five most essential words for a healthy, vital relationship "I apologize" and "You are right."
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
Sometimes waking up means the best part of your day is over!
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless.
Why do Republicans spend so much money on bathroom fixtures? They really love the Grand Old Potty!
I'm pretty sure Twitter is the smoking section of Facebook.
A friend is like a book: you don't need to read all of them, just pick the best ones.
What did the Star Wars fan ask to the car dealer? "Can I buy the Rogue one please?"
Feeling stressed out? Make a nice cup of hot tea and then spill it in the lap of whoever's bugging you.
Republicans & Democrats are like divorced parents who care more about getting the kids to hate the other one than they are their well-being.
A: See you next month!
What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A: A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
A man is running after a woman, just until she catches him.
4 Lie
Chinese kid was born before the due date. Parents named him Sudden Lee.
I can cut down a tree only using my vision. It's true! I saw it with my own eyes!
I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force.
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood? You can't gargle sand.
I threw a boomerang many years ago. I now live in constant fear.
5 Abandon
Why do the French eat snails? They don't like fast food.
A huge thanks to the guy that just explained the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
You know youre fifty when your chiropractor sends you birthday cards.
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
Why do Norwegians build their own tables? No Ikea!
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a carpenter? A carpenter can cover up the holes he screws.
Did you hear Vaseline is coming out with new labels for its petroleum jelly? They're going to have a picture of missing gerbils on it.
The only thing harder than midterms was my penis when I found out Bruce Jenner was switching genders.
When you're wondering whether she's his daughter or his girlfriend, she's his girlfriend.
It was only when I bought a motorbike that I found out that adrenaline is brown.
Men mostly hate two words: 'not' and 'enough'… unless you say them together.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
You can break a girl's head with a simple stone, and with a precious stone, you can break a girl's heart. But the wise say it is better with a simple one.
Whenever my wife packs me a salad for lunch all I wanna know is what I did wrong.
I'm drawn toward women who are beautiful when they are angry because once we start dating that's how they'll look 90% of the time.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler.
*throws computer out the window*
Why did the boy throw the butter out the window? To see a butterfly.
You want an insult? Right, look at the mirror.
If a giraffe had a sore throat, how many lozenges would it need to make it better?
If we put aside our differences and work together, I truly believe we can come up with a few more alternate spellings of the name Britney.
A black man, a Muslim and Mexican jump off a building, who wins? Society.
No matter what has happened. No matter what you've done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. I swear it.
If we're going to arm the teachers at least give the librarians silencers.
I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
FRIDAY is my second favorite F word.
What do u do when your sitting in the dark and your TV starts to float? You turn on the lights and shoot the black guy stealing it.
A wise dog once told me: "Life is like a box of chocolates... it kills you."
Not to brag, but I have sychic powers. For example, right now you're thinking, "It's psychic, idiot!"
Save your breath... You'll need it to blow up your date.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
Lets role play I'll be Osama, You be a cave, and I'll hide up inside you
If every day is a gift, I'd like a receipt for Monday. I want to exchange it for another Friday.
Why are Fathers like parking spaces? The good ones are already taken!
If we were stranded in a desert and a snake bit my penis, would you suck the poison out?
Don't judge women by kilos, and you won't be judged by centimeters.
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine's Day? "I'm stuck on you!"
What's 6 foot long, vibrates and turns a small penis into a giant prick? A motorcycle.
The end of a relationship isn't the worst thing. It's worse when it doesn't end after the end.
You're not old until a teenager describes you as middle-aged.
Hey baby, if I supply the voltage and you some resistance, imagine the current we can make together.
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use a lubricant.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
Why haven't aliens visited our solar system yet? They looked at the reviews. Only 1 star.
With great reflexes comes great response ability.
How do you treat someone with herpes?
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!
What do you call a Mexican with a vasectomy? A dry Martinez.
The therapist asked my wife why she wanted to end our marriage. She said she hated all the constant Star Wars puns. I look at the therapist and said, "Divorce is strong with this one!"
Fathering two daughters seemed like a good idea, but then glitter.
How do you fit 140 Jewish people in a pickup truck? 5 in the front, 14 in the back, and the rest in the ash tray...
I ran three miles today. Finally I said, "Lady take your purse."
The best present is the present made by your own slaves.
Here, you can always find a party. Where I come from, the Party can always find you.
Spent 15min tracing a suspicious noise that tuned out to be the lid not screwed on the Coke bottle tightly enough. If you need a top sleuth.
Football gave me a traumatic brain injury and I was only watching.
When do people start using their trampoline? Spring-Time.
What's the difference between a pile of dead bodies and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini in my garage.
Deja Vu – When you think you're doing something you've done before, it's because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
Men are like placemats, they only show up when there's food on the table.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
It turns out the answer to my problems wasn't at the bottom of this pint of ice cream, but the important thing is that I tried.
Now that I'm older, I realize that my imaginary friend was really nothing more than an imaginary acquaintance.
Son: "What's an inheritance?"
If something goes wrong at the office, blame the guy who can't speak English...
Me in my 20's: "Dresses like I'm on the catwalk."
One of the benefits of eating healthier is that you never have to ask questions like, "Who ate my salad?"
Definition of a bachelor: A man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.
I was chasing a black robber at 2 am and he suddenly vanished in-front of me, how can that be? Because he dissolved in the night.
I think I've discovered my supersymmetric partner.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.
I can't afford aromatherapy so I just randomly sniff stuff and hope.
"Lettuce alone."
What do pregnant teenagers and their babies have in common? They both think,"My moms gonna kill me".
Sorry I didn't respond to you just now. I was doing something productive and not wasting my precious time with your lowlife speeches.
Why blind?
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
My friends laughed at me when I told them I had a hot date and they said she was imaginary. Well the jokes on them – they're imaginary too.
A: Chickens celebrate Thanksgiving!
In my experience there's two ways to get things done, the right way and the drunk way.
I have a fantasy, to sleep with 2 women... in the same year.
I always put in a full eight hours at work. Spread out over the course of the week.
Why do the Scottish wear kilts? Because a sheep can hear a zipper from like a mile away.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
I have a few jokes about unemployed people but it doesn't matter none of them work.
Wife: "You're addicted to skin lotion!"
What is the difference betwen a blonde and a Lamborghini? You don't let your friends borrow your Lamborghini.
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
All the dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid hitting the earth 66 million years ago... I'm sorry, but they shouldn't all have been standing in the same place.
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
Just found out an acquaintance is a drug dealer, would never have guessed, seems like a nice, funny guy. He always cracked me up.
Are your pants 50% off? Cuz they'll be 100% off in my room.
I've seen a lot of great photos of babies in my life, so if you want my like on Facebook you better bring it.
Last night in my dream I was peeing in bed. Dreams do come true I realized in the morning.
The best reason to divorce or break-up with a man is for health reasons you're sick of him.
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
To a young housewife: remember that a small bottle of vodka not only will decorate the table but also will hide your cooking mistakes.
Girl: "Every thing that comes out of you mouth is stupid!" Me: "You."
By age 35 you should hate the last three albums by your favorite band.
My wife hired a fact checker for when we argue.
Patient: "Doctor, I get heartburn every time I eat birthday cake." Doctor: "Next time, take off the candles."
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus ? He stole the show !
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
Q: Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil?
What is a ram's favorite song on February 14th? I only have eyes for ewe, dear
I thought about my ex-girlfriend today, then I wiped my ads and flushed the toilet.
So many boys, such little minds.
I've never been very good at geography. But I can name at least one city in France, which is Nice.
Excuse me, I'm a little short on cash. Mind if we shared a cab home?
Donald Trump wants to ban the sale of pre-shredded cheese. – He wants to make America grate again.
What's a crocodile's favorite shoe? A Crocs.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless.
Pavlov walks into a bar. The phone rings, and he says, "Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."
Sorry I'm late traffic is exactly how it's been every day for the past 5 years and I was not expecting that.
Love is like an ice cream girl so eat it before it melts.
"No, thanks. I'm a vegetarian." is a fun thing to say when someone hands you their baby.
I can't believe that you were the sperm that won the race, and your still slow.
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
Why dont blacks celibrate thanksgiving? KFC isnt open on holidays.
I'm just looking for a nice high maintenance girl who uses the dogface on Snapchat, takes tons of selfies, and listens to Taylor Swift.
What did the shuttlecock say when it got hit? Who's making all the racquet?
It's easier to remember your age if you don't change it every year.
Edit: Wow, can't believe this blew up.
Buy a prepaid gift card from Starbucks or another store for $25. Then use it for yourself till it only has 25 cents left on it. Present it as a gift to your fool.
What did the turkeys sing on Thanksgiving Day? God save the kin.
My girlfriend told me she wanted to be treated like a princess. So I put her in the back of a Mercedes and drove into a wall.
Our conscience is clear- we don't use it.
Why don't women have men's brains?
Last Father's Day my son gave me something I always wanted: the keys to my car.
When I call a family meeting I turn off the house wifi and wait for them all to come running.
Hey Cutie ever do it in a sleigh?
Some people think that their life experience compensates for their lack of brain.
I'm reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is about to happen... I can feel it.
The student replied, "It is obviously past."
I've been repeating the same mistakes in life for so long now, I think I'll start calling them traditions.
Moses was leading his people through the desert for 40 years. It seems, even in Biblical times men avoided asking the way.
Me: A bad word moms and dads only say when they're mad.
Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice!
If you had friends like mine, you'd be the luckiest guy in the world!
It takes two to lie... One to lie and one to listen...
Somebody stole my mood ring and I'm not quite sure how I feel about that..
If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him check books.
There are so many scams on the Internet these days.... but for $19.95 I can show you how to avoid them.
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the bar? - Because she heard the drinks were on the house.
You so ugly, your mama had morning sicknesses after you were born.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
If you enjoy arguing about lunches at 6 AM I can't recommend parenting highly enough.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA? Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
If you are what you eat, then my dog is a calculator.
I'll be doing a book signing today at Barnes & Noble from 2pm until they kick me out for writing in random books.
A cock a dude'll do.
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The letter F.
Sweating like a lost goat wandering past a hungry Bedouin.
Whenever I see you there is a smile on my face. And by smile I meant I laugh.
Being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of Halloween.
I will have enough money for the rest of my life. Of course, if I don't buy and eat anything.
When you get to your wit's end, You'll find God lives there.
I'm not trying to boss you around just do what I say.
I think the only time my ex didn't fake an orgasm was when the judge signed the divorce papers.
Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist? He sold his soul to Santa.
I lost my weed in a series of small fires.
When I read about the dangers of smoking I sworn wouldn't buy any newspaper!
I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year. Now, it's Election night.
The person who invented the door knock won the No-bell prize.
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
Best Summer Vacation Book Never Written: "Where to Stay on Vacation" by Moe Tell.
You are so tall in my eyes that they can't rise higher than your waist.
To avoid a collision I ran into the other car.
Dear alcohol, We had a deal where you would make me funnier, smarter, and a better dancer... I saw the video... we need to talk.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? HIGH-Definition.
Dating a single mother is like continuing from somebody else's saved game.
I put a new freezer next to the refrigerator, now they're just chilling.
He's a recovering alcoholic: recovering from last night!
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Sorry I just saw your text from last night, are you guys still at the restaurant.
Walruses are like Tupperware - they both like a tight seal.
Saying "super size it" at the drive-thru doesn't work when it's a pharmacy.
A wife is like a hand grenade. Take off the ring and say good bye to your house.
Me: *sneaks out of the house* *drives to another state* *hides in a cave* *quietly opens a bag of chips* My kids: Can we have some?
Please keep me in your thoughts and prayers right now. Nothing is going on, I'm just a narcissist.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
People think New Years is a life-changing event. If your life sucked last year, it's probably still going to suck tomorrow.
How do you save a nigger from drowning? Shoot him.
If the other driver had stopped a few yards behind himself the accident would not have happened.
My life is an open book. But it's very poorly written and I die in the end.
If you were a browser, you'd be called FireFoxy.
Do you know what the square root of 69 is? Ate something. (8.xxxxxxx....)
Swine Flu is the only thing left in Mexico that still does its job.
A: Wait until it's born.
Don't make me use UPPERCASE.
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.
My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
What do you do when you find out Viagra isn't working for you? You go Cialis!
Wanna get together and test the spring potential of my mattress?
Why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly.
I'm never wrong! One time, I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken!
A beautiful girl looks good in the background of her smart friend.
A cauliflower is a plant explosion in extremely slow motion.
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
If you run in front of a car you'll get tired, but if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted.
Lazy People Fact #5812672793. You were too lazy to read that number.
Recently, I've tried to make a car without wheels.
Be kind. Some people grew up in Pepsi households.
Most men know that women dream of having two men at the same time. But they don't understand that in those fantasies one man is cleaning the house and the other one is cooking.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
I don't believe in myths like the one that states you have a brain.
What did the farmer say when his hay started blowing away? Hay, come back!
Woke up on the ground last night, must have fell asleep​.
Told my wife I wanted our kids every other weekend and she reminded me that we're married and live together so I'd have to see them every day.
I would tell you a joke about my shoe but I think I shoedn't.
Why do Mexicans re-fry beans? Because they can't do anything right the first time.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Sorry, I'm out of my mind at the moment, please leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Sorry I'm late but I wanted to make sure I missed most of it.
What's the easiest animal to shoot? Fish, because they're always found in schools.
Today was a terrible day. My ex got hit by a bus, and I lost my job as a bus driver.
What did the banana say to the vibrator? What are you shaking for? She's going to eat me!
Sure women live longer than men, but we spend that extra time at awkward bridal and baby showers wishing we were dead, so I feel like it's a fair trade.
Turtles think frogs are homeless.
I mostly just scroll through Instagram as a reminder of what brands I said out loud yesterday.
What is the diffrent between a girl and a cellphone... You can put a selfone on silent.
Drink green beer on St Patricks Day! It counts as a vegetable!
Please cooperate otherwise it gonna look like rape.
The best thing about women is how they can tell you what you really mean when you say something...
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
A girl in a restaurant asked me "Are you single?". I happily replied "Yes". She took away the extra chair in front of me.
I won $3 million on the lottery this weekend so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
When a woman says "what?" It's not because she didn't hear you. She's just giving you a chance to change what you said.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
You must be a magnetic monopole because all I get from you is attraction.
A man's idea of serious commitment is usually, "Oh alright, I'll stay the night."
Why didn't the dog want to play football? It was a boxer!
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Where can you buy chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
What are you going to be on Halloween? You'll probably be a vegan menu.
Quickly, I must hurry, for there go my people and I am their leader.
What do you call blueberries playing the guitar? A jam session.
If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
My sister bet me I couldn't make a car out of spaghetti. U should of saw her face as I drove pasta.
What kind of fish can't swim? A dead one.
A woman's favorite position is CEO.
I'm not a Nazi I'm just asking if Jew mad, cause I'm führerious!
Is that a Higgs boson in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Where do bad gymnasts go? Behind parallel bars!
Why can't ghost have babies? Because they have Halloweenies.
You haven't experienced awkward until you try to tickle someone who isn't ticklish.
Why is a Laundromat a really bad place to pick up a woman? Because a woman who can't even afford a washing machine will probably never be able to support you.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
Don't steal. That's the government's job.
I trapped a couple of vegans in my basement. At least I think they're vegan. They keep shouting 'lettuce leaf!'
Is pikachu called pikachu because he always say pikachu or is he saying pikachu because he is pikachu?
I met the man who invented the windowsill. He's a ledge.
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
Materialism: buying things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people that don't matter.
You know what I did before I married? Anything I wanted to.
Sign at the Urologist's office: URINE good hands.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
On your birthday, remember: don't drink and tattoo.
Before marriage, men would wander parking lots aimlessly because they had no one to point out the open spots.
A: A bullet from a white man's gun.
A Mexican and a nigger jump of the Empire State Building,who hits the ground first? The Mexican, because the nigger stopped and wrote "Mother Fucker" on the way down.
The route of all evil.
My friend asked me to describe myself in 3 words... "Lazy."
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
People are like trees, if you chop them with an axe they die.
On St. Patrick's Day I like to make believe I'm Irish. Just like at Christmas when I make believe I'm good.
Don't go through that door that mysteriously opened all by itself in that 300 year old hotel with a tragic past.
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
Why did the Easter egg hide? Because he was a little chicken!
A: He is all right now.
Do you know why I make puns? Because it's my respunsibility.
Men will brag that there are women waiting by the phone at this very moment for their call. Who are these women? Women working at 900 numbers.
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
If you wet your feet your throat will reject. If you ‘wet' your throat your feet will reject.
How good are you at powerpoint? I Excel at it!
My other body is in the Photoshop.
Rap videos are completely unrealistic. Nobody has that many friends.
Friend: What are you gonna be for halloween? Me: Drunk!
Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
My aunt's star sign was cancer, pretty ironic how she died. She was eaten by a giant crab.
I'm trying to get on your good side, but I haven't found it yet.
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head.
Why did the belt get arrested? Because it held up a pair of pants!
Happy 10th birthday to your dating profile pic.
What do you call an Italian beggar? Giovanni change.
The man who discovered copper died penniless.
Currently the flower business is blooming.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Why does Beyoncé sing 'to the left, to the left'? Cause black people don't got any rights
I got gas for $1.39 today. Unfortunately, it was at Taco Bell.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
Police have arrested the World tongue-twister Champion. I imagine he'll be given a tough sentence.
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
A hard thing about a business is minding your own.
When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
What does a skeleton orders at a restaurant? Spare ribs.
Love – is an extreme sympathy that leads to bed.
Dear Week, I'm so over you. I'm leaving you for your best friend, Weekend. Don't try to find us for at least 2 days.
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
My girlfriend isn't talking to me. She said I ruined her birthday. I'm not sure how. I didn't even know it was her birthday.
Why doesn't the bike stand by itself? Because it's two tired.
Did you hear about the monkey with a steak on his head, thought he was a grills?
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.
What do call an Irishman sitting by the pool? Paddy O'Furniture.
There is no point of running away form a sniper. You will die from exhaustion.
One head is ok, but a whole body is much better.
Those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it.
Which is the word that starts with M and ends in ARRIAGE and it is man's favorite thing? Miscarriage!
Screw me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
We moved our treadmill outside so I can smoke.
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way.
You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me.
Only a women who delivered a baby without epidural can understand a guy who is having a cold.
The last time someone listened to a Bush, a bunch of people wandered in the desert for 40 years!
Why can't blondes count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
You so ugly your mum ran up the stairs of the hospital when you were born and jumped off the roof.
Women were born to WOO MEN but why do they WOE MEN?
I think I'm agnostic, but I haven't decided.
Two snowmen in a field, one turned to the other and said "I don't know about you but I can smell carrots!"
Why did the cross-eyed teacher lose her job? Because she couldn't control her pupils.
They tell you that you'll lose your mind when you grow older. What they don't tell you is that you won't miss it very much.
If you weigh 99 pounds and eat 1 pound of nachos you will be 1% nachos!
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
I wish you were on the football team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
She's as smart as bait.
Do you want to know how I get all these insults? I use something called intelligence.
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew? Santa comes down the chimney.
I'm at the age where I have to make a noise when I bend over. It's the law.
Why did the pig give his girlfriend a box of candy? It was Valenswine's Day.
Like arguing with a forest fire.
Why don't women blink during foreplay? They don't have time.
A sports expert is the guy who writes the best alibis for being wrong.
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
Life is too complicated in the morning.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
Look to your left --------------> I said left you idiot!
"Why don't you trust me?", she texted both the guys simultaneously.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
The only dates I get these days are software updates.
The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do.
Sperm is white and pee is yellow so a man can tell if he's coming or going.
Hey, I'm not saying Hitler was a great guy, but he really saved the Histoy channel.
What's the difference between a woman having her period and a terrorist? You can negotiate with a terrorist
I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response.
Cleaning mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
Talking to a liberal is like trying to explain social media to a 70 years old.
What do you call a black baby pig? A niglett.
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
What would you get if you crossed Christmas with St. Patrick's Day? St. O'Claus!
Everyone my age is older than me...
I want to do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people.
What did Hitler get his niece for her birthday? A easy bake oven but with the Jews sold separate.
Having nutrition information on a bag of Cheetos is like having dating tips on a box of Crocs.
I'm an antisocial-psychic. I can see ahead of time that I won't want to talk to you.
What does "reading comprehension" even mean?
I eat my tacos over a Tortilla. That way when stuff falls out, BOOM, another taco.
Love never crossed my mind
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight in their ear.
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
Join the Army, meet interesting people, and kill them.
If you put your left shoe on the wrong foot... it's on the right foot.
Oh no! Help! I'm under a tack!
If the music's too loud you're too old.
You are so ugly if they laid you on the beach, not even the tide would take you.
Seminar "How to avoid frauds" is canceled. Tickets are non-refundable.
I took a course in speed waiting. Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.
I've reached the age where looking in the mirror is like checking the news. I know there'll be some new developments I won't like.
I asked my mother where I have been born when she told me in a hospital. I responded: "Mom was I ill?"
What do I say if a Mexican walks by me and daddy? Say "Here are the tacos."
I gave up my seat to a blind person in the bus. That is how I lost my job as a bus driver.
How do construction workers party? they raise the roof.
Who can make more money in a week, a drug dealer or a prostitute? The prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
Pakistan army will never try to win the war against India, someone told them winner has to speak English on live television.
The janitor said he took out the trash last night, he must forgot a piece, what are you still doing here?
Cells multiply by dividing.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
Her: "Do you like cats?"
The early bird gets the worm but the late worm gets to live.
I wish I could get bitten by a radioactive confident person.
I believe in women's rights, which is why I gave my girlfriend the right to come to see me do comedy tonight. As you guys can see, she's imaginary. I also gave her the right to exist.
Do skunks celebrate Valentine's Day? Sure, they're very scent-imental!
Your way sounds super safe and rational. Let's do it my way.
Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
My five-year-old: "I don't want to be your daughter anymore. I QUIT!" No two-week notice or anything. She'd better not expect a reference.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
What do you call a black guy who goes to college? A Basketball player.
What do single people call Valentine's Day? Happy Independence Day!
The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the same ones she can't stand years later.
If everyone was like you the human race would lose faith in the world.
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
My fear of moving stairs escalates.
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
My wife told me: "Sex is better on holiday." That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive.
So I said, "Like that button holding your trousers together..."
What did the chocolate syrup say to the ice cream? "I'm sweet on you!"
Caddy: "Try heaven; you've already moved most of the earth."
What do you have to do to have a party in space? You have to Planet.
How did Jesus get in such good shape? Crossfit.
He's a few clowns short of a circus.
My wife pissed me off in my dream. When I woke up and told her about it she said it was probably something I started so I ended up apologizing and bought her flowers.
There's not just a straight temperature app on my smartphone. At least not a fahinhieght one there is always a cell-sius built in .
HOW DO I TURN OFF CAPS LOCK? I ACCIDENTALLY TURNED IT ON YESTERDAY AND I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TURN IT BACK OFF. ALL MY FRIENDS ARE MAD BECAUSE THEY THINK I AM SHOUTING AT THEM OVER INTERNET. PLEASE HELP!!!
How do you turn a fox into an elephant? Marry it!
You look like a person that would exchange one of your chromosomes for a Big Mac.
I'll only go to elementary school reunions because those people didn't start to hate me until we were in high school.
What do men and women have in common? They both distrust men.
Why can't women read maps? Only the male mind can comprehend the concept of one inch equaling a mile.
Teacher: "What is the future tense of the statement: 'I had killed a thief'?"
At school I graduated second to a lamp, he was too bright for me.
Suicide: Mans way of telling God - "You can't fire me, I quit".
My favorite part of Fall is walking through a hundred spider webs a day and screaming every single time.
How to lose an argument with a woman: 1) Argue.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
People who make you feel special are keepers.  Anyone with such good taste has to be admired.
So I hear you like snakes...I have one its called a "trouser snake"
Most of the people dream of not working and having lots of money. During an economic crisis 50 % of those dreams came true.
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild? Money.
Baby, let's configure our hard drives in master and slave position.
What do they do with blacks after they die? Gut them and use them as wetsuits.
A blonde said, "I was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off, I was relieved when he told me all I needed was turn-signal fluid."
I got myself into this, and I'll get myself even deeper into this.
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
All generalizations are false, including this one.
I've snagged so many catfish on dating sites, I'm now a licensed fisherman.
The amount of time my phone spends plugged in you may as well call it a landline.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
What do snowmen eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes!
Why can't pigs tell a joke? Because they're such a bore.
I just drank a monster energy drink and I'm still depressed but like, excitedly.
The sun is going to go out in 4 billion years, and you sit there and act like everything is fine.
Remember all those memories from being a kid, like the time you got in the van and realized the man didn't have any candy?
Why did the cannibal break up with his girlfriend? She didn't suit his taste!
Math problems were invented by men, just so women would be wrong some of the time.
How do you starve a black man? Put his food stamps in his work boots.
Media: Scientist claims "Findings are meaningless."
Why was the snowman so brave? Because he had big snow balls.
Just turned wine into barf. Your move, Jesus.
Legends don't die... I am a living example!
The 80s were great because I didn't have to look at your selfies.
What part of your family can you see through? A transparent.
What do farmers give their wives on Valentine's Day? Hog and kisses!
I cropped my kids out of my online dating profile photos. They can find their own dates.
Why did the snowman take his pants off? Because he saw the snowblower coming.
How did they improve the transportation in Harlem? Moved the trees closer together.
Everything happens for a reason; unfortunately, sometimes the reason is you.
I bought a dictionary and when I got home I realized all the pages were blank; I have no words for how angry I am.
A: Silicon Valley.
What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? "Where on Earth have you been?!"
The kiss is a wordless articulation of desire whose object lies in the future, and somewhat to the south.
Boy: "Are you dead because it looks like you dropped from heaven."
Yeah, I died 5 years ago, like that puck up line.
Your smile must be a black hole, nothing can escape its pull.
don't regret doing things, regret getting caught
iPhone8 (X) has facial recognition. It looked at my face and told me that I can't afford it...
How do men define a "50/50" relationship? We cook-they eat; we clean-they dirty; we iron-they wrinkle.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
If I can't buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
I thought I was just really tired but it's been 5 years so I guess this is how I look now.
The difference between "Girlfriend" and "Girl Friend" is that little space in between we call the "Friend Zone".
I'm out of bed and dressed. What more do you want?
Celebrate Thanksgiving the American way: spend money you don't have on Chinese products.
See that shadow on the wall? It's brighter than your future.
What do you call a snowman orgy? A snowball fight.
Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
The problem with trouble shooting is that trouble shoots back.
What did the paper say to the pencil? You've got a good point!
He slapped his two inches on the doctors desk. The doctor said "What is wrong with it?" "It's swollen."
I let my kids follow their dreams, unless I already paid the registration fee on their last dream, then they follow that for 6-8 more weeks.
All panties aside, it's Friday.
If homework goes too easy you are doing it wrong.
You need to carry women in your arms; they will climb on your back by themselves.
Ladies and gentlemen, if there's anybody here this afternoon who's feeling nervous, apprehensive and queasy at the thought of what lies ahead, it's probably because you have just got married to (NAME).
If You weigh 200 pounds on the Earth it is only 76 pounds on the Mars, and it means You are not fat but you are just on the wrong planet.
Doing things that you are not supposed to do at work makes your vision, hearing and alertness much better.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
How about we do some peer-to-peer sharing? Your domain or mine?
I thought I understood the meaning of "When Pigs Fly" but then... the swine flu.
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard? Space!
I'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
The soldier who survived mustard-gas and pepper-spray... is now a seasoned veteran.
Scientists are concerned the legalization of marijuana in Canada may result in an entire nation of overly friendly and polite people.
What do you call a black person running down the hill? Prison break.
How does a blonde drown a fish? She puts it in water!
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
Take an icecube to the bar, smash it and say: "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
Why do blacks people take a knee? Because standing upright is more difficult for them.
Ever get it on with a rodent?
What mobile game do coke addicts play? Nose Candy Crush.
You must be some kind of weirdo to like The Doors. I guess People Are Strange.
I love waking up to the sound of birds arguing with their spouses.
What's a pedophiles favorite day of the year? Halloween because they get free delivery.
Morning is the time when everyone is jealous of unemployed.
What did the black women get for getting an abortion? Fat cash from crime stoppers.
What did God say when he saw the first black person? Ooops, I burnt one!
The nurse at the sperm bank asked me if I'd like to masturbate in the cup. I said, "Well, I'm pretty good, but I don't think I'm ready to compete just yet."
What do you call the soft tissue between a shark's teeth? A slow swimmer.
When a young white girl saw a blind person, her mother told her not to stare. She doesn't look at Asians anymore.
How do teddy bears keep their den cool in summer? They use bear conditioning!
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
When you stop believing in Santa Claus is when you start getting clothes for Christmas!
Doctor: "You need to stop masturbating."
If a woman gave in very fast it's not because of the man but the men that came before him.
I WRITE ALL MY JOKES IN CAPITALS. THIS ONE WAS WRITTEN IN PARIS.
Your so dense, light must bend around you.
Why did the man wear his wedding ring on the wrong finger? Because he was married to the wrong woman.
You don't like her? Drink more.
Student: "Drin-king, smo-king, and fuc-king!"
My breathalyzer results came back and I'm 100% cutting my own hair later.
Let's walk and talk. You go that way.
I have three kids, one of each.
Never underestimate a woman's ability to make anything your fault.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? She will Let It Go!
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who know's what's going on?
Men are fun to argue with, because even IF they win... they lose.
I know everyone thinks tall people have a lot of advantages in life but in reality, we have to deal with 40% more spider webs than you do.
An invention of the hug: "You look sad. Let me choke your whole body"
The girl at the bar: "You're funny."
When I was born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to my father, "I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through."
I was so sad and crying when I lost my playstation 3 but unfortunately, there was nobody to console me!
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
Living on earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the sun.
Why was the blonde so proud of herself? She finished a puzzle in 5 hours, the box said 3-5 years.
What do you call always having a date for New Year's Eve? Social Security.
Anger; the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
My kid just called Child Protective Services because he still has an iPhone 5S.
Why is 68 the maximum speed for blondes? Because at 69 they blow a rod.
Me (at work): "I think I'm having a heart attack."
I'm barely 5.3'. It's all your fault if you had high expectations.
To kick start my New Year: I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
Scooters and fat girls are both fun to ride. Until your friends see you.
Which of Santa's reindeers needs to mind his manners the most? "Rude"olph
With a calendar, your days are numbered.
What time is lunch? Is there any left after you eat?
If the koreans cannot do it, they will tell you that they won do it.
What is the best thing about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
It's the freaking weekend, find a sleepy seaside town with a horrifying backstory and a murder to solve.
Hey baby, I'm a power source, and you're the kind of resistor i'd like to deliver my load to.
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
Marriage is mostly misreading facial expressions and asking each other, "You ok?"
1973: smoking in the boy's room. 2018: vaping in the gender-neutral restroom.
What is a dentist's office?… A filling station.
I'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited.
Friends are like boobs. Some big,some small. Some real, some fake.
When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive... It's a good thing my older brother told me about it.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because of the lactose.
I bet the worst part about being a birthday cake is when you're set on fire, and then eaten by the hero that saved you.
Is your name Summer? ‘Coz you're HOT!
Make sure you limit your video game time today, I don't want you to become super violent. Remember, before video games war wasn't a thing.
I bring her over to meet my wife: "Tell her what you said."
Everyone has their own path, fortunately mine leads to the liquor store.
"I ran a half marathon" sounds so much better than "I quit halfway through a marathon".
Never argue with a woman when she's tired...or when she's rested.
What's the difference between a hooker and a woman with a cold? A woman with a cold blows her nose...
What do Jesus and the square root of negative one have in common? They're both imaginary.
I think I banged a Chinese celebrity. She kept screaming "I'm Wei Tu Yung" like I was supposed to know the name.
At school he used to enjoy streaking. On it's own, not a particularly interesting fact, until you consider he was at an ALL BOYS boarding school.
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.
How do you keep your husband from reading your e-mail? Rename the mail folder "Instruction Manuals."
If you rearrange the letters in "Vladimir Putin" you get murdered.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
If nothing was learned, nothing was taught.
What do heroin, jaywalking and prostitution have in common? They're all illegal, but people do them anyway.
New hangout for white racist... is in a box of crackers.
Mattel has a campaign urging girls to pursue their limitless potential. It's called You Can Be Anything Except A Woman With Barbie's Body.
Try to use this vacuum, it may help you remove the cobwebs in your mind.
Wolverine is a man of many talons, isn't he?
Hurry! Stop standing around, hearing all you can see!
Becoming a parent is great. It's a beautiful and rewarding experience. It's almost as good as not becoming one.
Sure, I'd love to help you out... now, which way did you come in?
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop any time.
I just got fired from my job as a taxi driver.
Confucius say, man who runs behind car will get exhausted, but man who runs in front of car will get tired.
I didn't know angels could fly so low.
Yo mama so stupid when she got a call from her iPhone she put it in her eye.
I would make jokes about the sea, but they are too deep.
Doctor: "No, it just looks like you are."
No one wants a framed picture of your children as a gift.
A person has to have a warm heart and a cold beer.
My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9.
The road to success is always under construction.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
God, I wish I was the person I believed I could be when I bought all this produce.
I call my car the "Pussy Wagon" because that's where I go to cry.
How do you get a black man out of a tree? Cut the rope.
Person of the year award has been won by a scarecrow the judges said he was outstanding in his field.
They say "don't try this at home" so I'm coming over to your house to try it...
In Germany they are preparing for the crisis by stocking up with sausage and cheese, that's the wurst käse scenario.
What do you instantly know about a well-dressed man? His wife is good at picking out clothes.
My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
How do you know an Asians just robbed your house? Your homework is done and he's still trying to get out with your car.
You need some more fuel for that fire? Cause I got some wood for you right here.
You're so dumb you thought quarter backs was a change machine.
You know that person that always have to be right and have the last word? Shoot them!
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
What's the difference between a Boy-Scout and a Jew? Boy-Scouts get to leave camp.
Wanted: Schrödinger's cat, dead or alive.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
After Yoko Ono told John Lennon she loves him 8 days a week, Lennon wrote the song "Help!".
A parent's job is basically a daily struggle to help a crazy person stay alive.
Well aren't you a waste of two billion years of evolution.
Constipated people don't give a crap.
Did you hear about Ku Klux Knievel? He tried to jump over 8 blacks with a steam roller.
Few women admit their age; few men act it.
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
What's a monster's favorite bean? A human bean.
Do you love me because I am beautiful or I am I beautiful because you love me?
I opened Outlook Calendar at work today. It looked like a bad game of Tetris.
Why is Valentine's Day the best day for a celebration? Because you can really party hearty!
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
Never trust a man that says, "Trust me." and never trust a woman that says "It's fine."
Man, a tire's life must suck, we seem them rolling, then we hating.
Why do doctors slap babies' butts right after they're born? To knock the penises off the smart ones.
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, "It's dark in here isn't it?" The other replied, "I don't know; I can't see."
Me: *not listening* "When do they start breathing fire?"
Chinese takeaway - £27.50. Petrol to get there - £3.25. Getting home then realizing they didn't give you one of the containers - riceless...
Today on Twitter, I lost a follower. Now I know how Jesus feels everyday.
In principle, I can stop drinking, the thing is – I don't have such a principle.
Why is Kevin Spacey so bad at Hide and Seek? He comes out at the wrong time.
God grades on the cross, not the curve.
Strangers have the best candy.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
Five Secrets of Successful People:1. Don't 2. Tell 3. Anyone 4. Your 5. Secrets
Them: "No there is 26..."
2) Accidents
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
My cross-eyed wife and I just got a divorce. We didn't see eye to eye. I also found out she was seeing someone on the side.
Darling, you are the most beautiful woman in this party! Did you invite these guests on purpose?
I started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats. Prophets are going through the roof.
Screw the nice list, I've got you on my "nice and naughty list!
Q: What is the difference between a chicken and a turkey?
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
I can't get enough minimalism.
Whatever you do always give 100 %. Unless you are donating blood.
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
Why do women prefer old gynecologists? Their shaky hands!
Miss Anders... I didn't recognise you with your clothes on.
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
I asked Barack Obama if we could get together later, and he said Yes We Can!
It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
Being an ugly girl is like being a man... you have to work.
Tim bought 2 goldfish and named them 1 and 2. If 1 died, he'll still have 2.
How does broccoli use a cellphone? He cauliflower.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
If you love a woman, you shouldn't be ashamed to show her to your wife.
Why did St. Patrick drive all the snakes out of Ireland? He couldn't afford plane fare.
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
I don't think you act stupid, I'm sure it's the real thing.
Just asked my wife what she's "burning up for dinner" and it turned out to be all of my personal belongings.
Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful to have a job. I just wish it wasn't THIS job.
Scientists say the universe is made up of Protons, Neutrons, and Electrons. They forgot to mention Morons.
Signwriters have their work cut out, don't they?
Sometimes I hide my girlfriend's inhaler so the neighbors think I'm a stud when they hear her panting, "Give it to me!"
Life didn't work out, but everything else is not that bad.
Why don't we wait for life on other planets to find us? Why do we have to do all the work?
They say St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland. I wonder if he could do that for Congress.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen Pregnant? He forgot to wrap his whopper!
Help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy!
She's single if her man can't beat you up.
Women with pasts interest men... they hope history will repeat itself.
Why do black people drive on the left side of the road? Because they don't have any rights.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
Don't put a question mark where God put a period.
Instead of "Who's your daddy" I accidentally said, "How's your daddy" and we put our clothes back on and started discussing her dad's cholesterol.
There's a easter parade in my pants...wanna go?
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Sang the rainbow song in front of a police officer, got arrested for colourful language
I'd pat my own back but my ego is too busy shaking my hand.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
I'm not a doctor but I know adding cheese to anything makes it an antidepressant.
Money talks ...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
New Year's is just a holiday created by calendar companies who don't want you reusing last year's calendar.
I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous!
I love you just the way you are. Though I do have a few suggestions.
I heard you were good at algebra. Can you replace my X without asking y?
When you're a kid, you don't realize you're also watching your mom and dad grow up.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
Why do blondes have TGIF on their shoes? Toes go in first!
Behind every angry woman is a man who has absolutely no idea what he did wrong.
Me: "How much for the baby dragon?"
You know why niggers are confused with monkeys? Because half of both are kept in cages.
Goes to the gym, lays on the mat to stretch, falls asleep.
I don't care what you think you're good at, there's a 7-year-old kid on YouTube doing it better.
What happened when an icicle landed on the snowman's head? It knocked him out cold.
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
I just want to be rich enough to be referred to as eccentric instead of just nuts.
Atheist problems: being considered strange because you don't believe in a magic man in the sky!
You grow on people....so does cancer.
Does your train of thought have a caboose?
Do you know why beer goes through your system so fast? Because it does not have to stop to change color.
1. Thermostat Wars
Self Control - the only way to survive in a world full of idiots.
"Orion's Belt is a big waist of space." Terrible joke. Only three stars.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
Well son, in the '90s, there was no drooling emoji. You had to show up at a girl's door and actually drool.
My parents, age 25: "We have a mortgage, a baby and a pension plan!"
Marriage is like a bar of soap. It smells delicious until you take a bite out of it!
My dear old grandmother always used to say the way to a man's heart was through his stomach, which is why she lost her job as a cardiac surgeon.
What did the doctor say to the alcoholic? Keep taking the Pils.
I made dinner reservations for my wife's birthday and told the host there's an extra $20 for the bartenders if they card her.
God sees everything. Neighbors – even more... Tell me who I am and I will tell you who you are...
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
eBay is so useless. I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 13,749 matches.
Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you.
The best time to open a gift is the present.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Their criminal record.
What's faster than a Cheetah? A Jew with a coupon.
Friend: "I think my mom hit her period last night"
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas.
I saw a sign that said "Watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade".
Me: "Nothing you need to be concerned with."
It's a good thing farts aren't "contagious" like yawns.
When I grow up, I'm going to make my kids watch the movie "2012" and tell them I survived that.
When I was young I did stupid things because I didn't know any better. Now I know better and do stupid things because I miss being young.
What do you call the useless piece of skin on a penis? The man.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I came into this world screaming and I still haven't stopped.
Time is at once the most valuable and most perishable of all our possessions.
The ideal man doesn't smoke, doesn't drink, doesn't do drugs, doesn't swear, doesn't get angry, doesn't exist.
What's a monsters favorite desert? I-Scream!
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? she asks: "What is that?" you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
The recommended age to have a Ouija Board is 8+ years old. So, you need to be 21 years old to drink alcohol and 8 to summon the devil.
A long time ago we had Empires run by Emperors. Then we had Kingdoms run by Kings. Now we have Countries ..
What do you get when you give away free meth at a redneck zoo? Iced animal crackers!
Whats the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? One sells watches and one watches cells.
Love helps to kill time. And time helps to kill love.
Farting is like the frozen song.
My son just called guacamole "avocado spread" and now I feel like I've failed as a parent.
Preorder now! Though I have nothing for sale, it's always good to preorder.
What do you call a blonde between two brunettes? A mental block.
Before having a kid the most important thing to ask yourself is "Am I ready to watch the exact same cartoon on repeat for the next 4 years?"
What is a lacrosse players favorite type of car? A dodge!
I tried to get back to the drawing board but I can't draw.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
I may not be the brightest nail in the bucket, but at least I have a point.
‘A pedigree bulldog missing. Founders – rest in peace.'
Are your parents siblings?
To weigh 50 kilos and say that you're fat, that is so female…
Optimist: It's only 7 o' clock. Pessimist: It's already 7 o' clock. Feminist: The clock is being raped.
Emilia: "I love you too."
I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning.
No I crawled out from Hell.
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
For maximum attention, nothing beats a good mistake.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
A:  Women can see right through them!
Russian history in 5 words: "And then things got worse."
What do you call a bunch of white people falling out of a plane? Avalanche.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
When is a field hockey player like a judge? When she sits on the bench.
People used to laugh at me when I would say "I want to be a comedian", well nobody's laughing now.
My resumé is just a list of things I hope you never ask me to do.
Paid love costs less.
What did the pirate say when he found someone? I sea you!
Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
Women dream of world peace, a safe environment, and eliminating hunger. What do men dream of? Being stuck in an elevator with the Doublemint twins.
Why are birthday's good for you? Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest!
You know you're getting old when you have more candles on your cake than friends at your birthday party.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
Because they don't have penises to put them in.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
You seem like the kind of person who always tried to open the wrong side of the milk carton in grade school.
Yo hair so greasy, that you can survive off the fried chicken in food shortage.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
I think the most exciting thing about being an adult is never knowing what part of your body is going to hurt the next day
Taking my husband's last name doesn't mean I'm not a feminist it means I don't want anyone I went to high school with to be able to find me ever again.
Are you a computer whiz? it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware.
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish
What's long and green and has a low I.Q.? A St. Patrick's Day Parade.
When a woman breast feeds in public it's called natural, but when I do it, the woman calls the cops.
Inflation: Being broke with a lot of money in your pocket.
A female magician made her boyfriend vanish. How? By asking for a commitment.
Why do men get their great ideas in bed? Because their plugged into a genius!
If another woman steals your man, there's no better revenge than to let her keep him. Real men can't be stolen.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Trump won't get re-elected if we just stop fixing our grandparents' WiFi.
Everybody repeat after me: "We are all individuals."
How did the soggy Easter Bunny dry himself? With a hare dryer!
What's the best way to get a man to remember your anniversary? Get married on his birthday.
My doctor told me you 'll be alive only for 24 hours! When I wanted to leave him he told me: "Excuse me I had forgotten to tell you that yesterday."
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?
What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine.
What did the painter say to her boyfriend? "I love you with all my art!"
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because KFC was on the other side.
I'm rubber and you're glue. She's tape. He's a stapler. Those guys are paper clips. All my friends are office supplies.
What do elves learn in school? The Elf-abet!
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
What do you call a black man in a tree? A branch manager.
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone
You owe me a drink, you're so ugly I dropped mine when I saw you.
Boy: Have u ever been fishing before Girl: Why? Boy: I think we should hook up!
Today: Alexa, is my house bugged?
Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's just a coincidence!
My wife says she is no longer buying junk food for the family because, "Everyone just eats it."
I would tell a swimming joke, but I think it's too watered-down to be funny.
Only a widow can say exactly where her husband is.
I tried to catch some fog, I mist.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
How do you get a blonde to marry you? Tell her she's pregnant.
R.I.P boiled water. You will be mist.
Nowadays, most of the children dream about an IPhone, when I was a child – I wanted a dog.
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent feat. Nickelback.
What is the difference between a unicorn and a carrot? One is a funny beast and the other is a bunny feast.
Being an adult is just walking around wondering what you're forgetting.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.
Q: How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Why is it hard to play the card game "Uno" with a group of Mexicans? Because they all take the green cards.
It is always the wrong time of month.
I like birthdays, but I think too many can kill you.
Know why Santa always smiles? He knows where all the naughty girls live!
Putting your iPod on shuffle around your friends is like playing Russian roulette with their respect for you.
Behind every successful man, you'll find a woman who has nothing to wear.
People say I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.
My obese parrot died. It was a real weight off of my shoulder.
My neighbors are listening to great music. Whether they like it or not.
That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent".
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
Two men walked into a bar. The third one ducked.
Never break someone's heart because they have only one inside...break their bones because they have 206 of them.
Not hiring someone because they have tattoos completely ignores the fact that they clearly have no issues with pain or commitment.
How do you keep a Jew out of a canoe? With chips.
My parents read the book I was writing. They said they hope the main character dies. It was an autobiography.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler. Usain Bolt can finish a race.
Never get on one knee for a girl who won't get on two for you.
First woman: My son came to visit for summer vacation.
When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broke up, I think it's time you kept your promise!
My mom comes into my room with my grades, and one of them have a zero, and she asks, "Why does it say that this is incomplete?" I say, "It was optional." For me it was optional.
Did you hear about the child with AIDS? it never gets old. I own an abortion clinic called "Don't Kid Yourself"
My wife and I always compromise. I admit I'm wrong and she agrees with me.
What do Brexit and Viagra have in common? They're both a cock-up.
You're so stupid you could count your balls all day long and never come up with the same number twice.
What did the paper clip say to the magnet? I find you very attractive.
I buy a lot of ringtones for someone who hasn't answered a phone call since 2008.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
My mother used to make me walk the plank when I was younger, we couldn't afford a dog.
When I lose the TV controller, it's always hidden in some remote destination.
The doctor told his patient to stop using a Q-tip, but it went in one ear and out the other.
Some people walk into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts. Others walk into our lives and we want to leave footprints on their face!
There are all types of love in this world but never the same love twice.
Your mom just got a ticket when she dropped you off for school.
Remember when "It's complicated" was a relationship status, not a gender?
My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
The worst thing about having a ghost in your house is the douchey ghost hunters.
Sit down, give your mind a rest - it obviously needs it.
What is Dracula's favorite fruit? A nectarine.
Did you hear about the 2 silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!
If by free spirits you mean an open bar, then yes I love free spirits.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Several guys are sitting around having a drink and one guy says "My wife's an angel" another guy says "Your lucky, mines still alive."
I want our relationship to be like a Nintendo DS cartridge. If we have any problems, take it out, blow on it, and put it back in.
Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means you laugh at his.
How did they invent break dancing? Trying to steal the hubcaps off a moving car.
I'm not crazy; I've just been in a bad mood for the last ten years.
What do bees do with their honey? They cell it.
Why do men like love at first sight? It saves them a lot of time.
If money really did grow on trees, what would be everyone's favorite season? Fall.
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
"Tired" isn't even a temporary state for me anymore it's more like a part of my personality at this point.
Who's your friend?
If you win three games of Twister in a row you're automatically a yoga instructor.
Why can't men get mad cow disease? Because they're all pigs.
No Déjà vu please...I Don't want to go through that again
I may not be Fred Flintstone but I can make your bed rock.
Q: Why are all blacks fast? A: The slow ones are in jail.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
Wanna play guns? Bend over and I'll cock you.
A short summary of every Jewish Holiday: "They tried to kill us, we won, let's eat."
We're you made in a lab, cause damn you are one failed experiment.
I carry a permanent marker just in case someone without a mustache falls asleep.
Why do kissing scenes in nearly every show have to use the soundtrack from a toddler slurping jello off of a plastic plate?
Where do zombies like to go swimming? The Dead Sea.
I own the erasers for all the miniature golf pencils.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went, then it dawned on me.
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
I live in constant fear that my kid will become a famous artist or painter and I will have thrown out about a trillion dollars of her work.
Today is your birthday, so congratulate yourself, especially if you're still young enough to remember it.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? You must be because you are BeAuTi-ful.
Evolution: True science fiction.
How do you get 1 million followers? Run through Africa with a water bottle.
God created earth and heaven, the rest was made in China.
No! for the last time stop asking if i am drunk. I am not drunk! Who would name their kid drunk?
I'm currently boycotting any company that sells items I can't afford.
You're fat. It's not because it runs in the family, you're fat because nobody runs in your family.
What is it? "It" is a pronoun.
What do you call a midget Mexican? A paragraph because he's not quite an essay.
You: "Hey! What's your stomach fuel level on?"
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
The speed of light is when you take out a bottle of beer out of the fridge before the light comes on.
Is everything expensive or I'm just poor?
If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke, and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off?
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Why did Martin Luther King Jr. boycott laundry detergent? Because it told him to keep his whites and colors separate.
What is the best evidence that Microsoft has a monopoly? Santa Claus had to switch from Chimneys to Windows.
I could make jokes about bears, but they are unbearable.
The new iPhone X has facial recognition. Some of you all ladies are gonna be locked out after you wash your face off.
Snowmen don't need scarves, idiots.
I'm pretending to be a hot girl on tinder so I can match with my roomate and tell him Im coming over so he'll clean the apartment.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture...
You could very well be going to heaven but it won't be hell in hell without you!
Hitler's orange Jews. 100% concentrated.
Yesterday, I fell down from a 10 meter ladder. Thank God I was on the third step.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
What have eight arms and an IQ of 60? Four guys drinking Bud Light and watching a football game!
My walk of shame is walking past the people I just said goodbye to because I went in the wrong direction and had to go back.
Got a neighbor who's a real patriot? Always flying the flag? Sneak out late at night and replace it with a large pair of boxer shorts.
My name is John but you can call me tonight.
My dog and I both freak out whenever the doorbell rings but we run in opposite directions.
People just like to argue. People: "No we don't."
Me flipping menu: "What page are you on?"
3-year-old: What's a swear word?
People always say to do exercise, I do Breathing... Could I be more WORKING!
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
I hate peer pressure and you should too.
I once hit a bat with a bat.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? Penis envy.
Girl:want to have a good time Guy:sure Girl:for you its free
I wanted to lose 10 pounds this year. Only 13 to go.
Why wasn't the vampire working? He was on his coffin break.
I'm not lazy... I'm just on my energy saving mode.
You're 10 times more likely to die when your girlfriend says, "I'm fine" than when you are flying on an airplane.
There is no "me" in team. No, wait, yes there is!
What do people wear in a trench? Trench coats.
My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice cubes under the refrigerator. But now it's just water under the fridge.
I took my relatives kids to the movies it only cost all the money I had for the cookout tomorrow and my rent.
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
Old Chinese proverb: Rape impossible! Woman with skirt up run faster than man with trousers down!
‘Darling, will you catch me if I jump into the water?' ‘Darling, if I say yes, will you jump?
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
2.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? Because they don't want to be mistaken as feminists.
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
What do you call a white person running down a hill? An avalanche.
What is the difference between frustration and satisfaction? "What the Fuck!" and "What a Fuck!"
You're so dumb, you think a lawsuit is something you wear to court.
The number one cause of death is too many birthdays.
Neil Armstrong's only regret while he was alive was that he forgot to take a selfie on the moon.
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
My daughter wants to be really scary this Halloween so instead of a costume, she is going to carry a school fundraising packet to every door.
What's the most common sleeping position of a man? Around.
I don't care how old I am, I will see Finding Dory.
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
I work to buy a car to go to work.
Me: Siri, why am I alone? Siri: *opens front facing camera*
There are no limits to my perfection – a monkey was thinking while looking at a human.
My memory has gotten so bad it has actually caused me to lose my job. I'm still employed. I just can't remember where.
Do people who go to the gym to "feel the burn" know nothing of Mexican food?
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
Why do people keep running over a string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner, then reach down, pick it up, examine it, then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance?
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm still looking.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
You're not sure – outrun and make sure.
When you don't know, what you are doing, it's best, to do it quickly.
If I ever use "Whatever" as a complete sentence, you better run.
What makes you think this is my first time?
How can you tell if a man is happy? Who Cares?
A new poll suggests that most people will likely finish reading any sentence that starts with "A new poll suggests."
What do a Christmas tree and priest have in common? Their balls are just for decoration.
Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening.
No pressure.
If you're ever angry just punch an orphan. What will they do? Complain to their parents?
Where does Dracula keep his valuables? In a blood bank.
I truly hope there is a stairway to heaven because I have a fear of elevators...
Why do women have vaginas? So men will talk to them.
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
A cat sauntered in and sat at the bar. "Tuna", ordered the cat. "Salad or sandwich?" Asked The bartender. "What do you think I am a human?"
When some one types "kys," the way you can get them back is type, "Kiss? Aww, thanks!" They wil probably think you are stupid, but it is still hilarious.
You've got two brain cells: one is in a wheelchair and the other one is pushing.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
You are not even beneath my contempt.
Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off,
I always wanted to learn to procrastinate... just never got around to it.
I have a lot in common with my Velcro wallet. We're both simple and great at holding everything in.
It is said that, a way to a man's heart goes through a stomach. Aha…you might think that men go to their lovers to eat some soup.
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
What do a dentist and a tennis coach have in common? They both use drills!
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?
What's the most poular Christmas carol in the desert? Oh caaamel ye faithful.
I bet even your farts smell good.
For Valentines Day I have been contemplating my current and past relationships. I organized the data and plotted it using an Ex-Axis and a Why-Axis.
I don't understand why people get attacked by sharks. Can they not hear the music?
The problem with being in the center of attention is that half of it is always behind your back.
Temples are free to enter but still empty. Pubs charge to enter, but are full. People ignore inner peace &choose to pay for self destruction
And on the sixth day, God created man first so that he could enjoy a few minutes on Earth without saying the wrong thing to a woman.
I do not know why some people don't finish their sentences, like it's really annoying...
I would request a last meal of soda and pop rocks so I could die on my own terms.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
Kids asked if they could do something & I said yes so my wife lowered my security clearance & now I'm not authorized to make those decisions
I have as much authority as the Pope, i just don't have as many people who believe it.
Only after getting married you realise that those husband-wife jokes were not just jokes.
What do you and your shower have in common? You both get wet when I turn you on.
A: In case he got a hole in one.
In my insomnia stupor that hadn't crossed my mind.
Student: "Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99."
A woman is like a well-served table at which a man looks one way before he eats and differently after he ate.
Me: Let's stay in bed. Me also: Good idea.
My New Year's resolution is to help all my friends gain ten pounds so I look skinnier.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
Smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
How do you know when Santa's in the room? You can sense his presents.
Having teenagers is just paying for a bunch of dates that you don't get to go on.
When I first started dating my wife she asked me what some of my dreams were. I told her one was about a T-Rex who didn't get a job because he couldn't tie a tie. She meant goals
I am a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I am perfect.
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? 45 pounds.
I've never understood how the Nazis couldn't find where Anne Frank was hiding. I've been to Amsterdam... There are signs pointing to her house everywhere.
WHY GOD? WHY ONLY ME? WHY YOU ARE DOING THIS TO ME... Didn't we had a deal that I never get old :'(
How are tornadoes and marriage alike? They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
What did one telephone say to another? "You are too young to be engaged!"
Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women? When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already there.
I like to give people blank "Thank you" cards for their birthdays and then when they ask me what it's for I say, "You'll thank me later!"
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? Hand-eye.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
What do toys and boobs have in common? Both are made for children but it's the fathers who play with them most.
If God is your co-pilot - swap seats.
If you glue a dead wasp to your palm, you can smack your boss on the back of the head as hard as you want and act like you saved him.
Help! This is my first time cooking for Thanksgiving. The turkey's been in the oven for two hours, and it's still running around!
To make a millennial laugh, just tell them how people used to believe a business or government would actually keep information confidential.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
There's only one thing better than the cutest cat in the world. A Dog.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
Did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly.
Sex operator: "Mmmm tell me what you're wearing."
If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap?
I once dated a woman who uses a nightlight. What a turn off.
Jesus fed 5,000 people with two fishes and a loaf of bread. That's not a miracle. That's tapas.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
"Waiter! This coffee tastes like mud." "Yes sir, it's fresh ground."
I have more talent in my smallest fart than you have in your entire body.
I used to do magic in a Chinese restaurant only problem is an hour later everyone wanted to see it again!
Why did the turkey play drums in his band? Because he already had drumsticks!
Thanks to Facebook, I never forget the birthdays of people I don't really know.
I get queasy at the sight of my own blood, but I could paint a barn with yours.
Second woman: How nice! Did you meet him at the airport?
My wife sent her photograph to the Lonely Hearts Club. They sent it back saying they weren't that lonely.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
When Michael Jackson died, all of his songs were played during his funeral and for his commemoration. So what if Mia Khalifa died?
Learn from your parents' mistakes: use birth control.
What do you call a bunch of black kids in a swimming pool? Coco puffs.
What did the blonde say when she saw Cheerios? Donut seeds.
I find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
There's nothing I've learned from being a father that I couldn't just as easily have figured out from setting all my money on fire.
Useless trying to undo a mistake. Focus your efforts on new ones.
You don't sweat much for a fat chick.
Vegetarian: Native American definition for "lousy hunter".
If I ever need a heart transplant, I'd want my ex's. It's never been used.
One time I told a rival dad that the air pressure looked low in one of his tires right in front of a group of people.
"Were any famous men born on your birthday?" "No, only little babies."
How does an elephant climb a tree? It stands on an acorn and waits for it to grow.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
If at first you don't succeed, blame someone else and seek counseling.
My diet always starts on a Monday morning and ends at the donuts somebody brings into the office later that morning.
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
You are my methods. I am nothing without you.
5 y.o.: Why do people congratulate you when Mom is the one making the baby? Me: I helped 5: How? Me: 5: Me: I read her the instructions
All my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies.
What's the definition of black foreplay? Don't scream or I'll kill you.
If Snapchat has taught me anything it's that a lot of you females look better as farm animals.
My new girlfriend works at the Zoo. I think she is a keeper.
She can eat your fries. You cannot eat her fries.
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door.
I hope whoever invented Cool Ranch Doritos got a Nobel Peace Prize.
How do you make a fire with two sticks? Make sure one of them is a match!
Why do I keep paying the bills? It just encourages them to send more.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: couldn't concentrate.
I wish you were a door so I could slam you all day long.
The three unwritten rules of life:
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually, it came back to me.
Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
The best things in life are free *plus shipping and handling*
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
As soon as you lose the ability to control your digestive system, it's all over...
What do u call a white man between 2 black men... An Oreo.
Your IQ is so low, even Frankenstein started crying.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
There's a pigeon walking up the driveway. I don't care what he wants. I'm not answering the door.
A healthy sleep not only makes your life longer, but also shortens the workday.
RSVP: ⚪️yes         ⚪️no                      ⚫️yes now but then no later on
Alzheimer's can't be that bad. You get to meet new people everyday.
I don't care how funny you are, if I don't like you, I won't laugh.
Where do you put a black Jew? In the back of the oven.
What is the tallest building in the world? A library- it has the most stories!
I'm no weatherman but I know you're going to get 3 inches tonight.
My ex wrote to me: Can you delete my number? I responded: Who is this?
What did the vegan say? I made a big missed steak.
When you were born your mom said: "It's a treasure."
What monster plays the most April Fool's jokes? Prankenstein!
My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children. If anybody does, please just send me your contact details and we can drop them off.
PewdDePie, I used to be a fan but now I am a air conditioner.
I don't know why people troll about China. Last year I bought a watch made in China it still shows me correct time when I bought it.
How are women and linoleum floors alike? You lay them right the first time and you can walk all over them for the next 20 years.
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A pool table.
You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket ... I'd miss you heaps and think of you often.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? Her: What? You: It breaks the ice. Hi, i'm (your name)
Cults make perfect sense. Do you know how hard it is to make friends as an adult?
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
Why did Michael's grades drop after the holidays? Because everything was marked down!
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
If the sun is so hot how come it's single.
Netflix and scroll through the selections until it's too late to start watching anything.
What do you call a bird at a party? A party fowl.
"Because it would be hilarious," is probably not a good reason to elect someone to be president.
What do ghosts read? Booooks!
What part of a football ground is never the same? The changing rooms.
Spoiler alert! The milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.
Why won't women make good Carpenters? Because men have been saying this much is a foot for years.
Q: What did the peanut butter say to the bread? A: Quit loafing around!
My coworker who believes Jesus Christ was the immaculately conceived son of God who rose from the dead can't believe it's Monday already.
What happens when you fall in love with a french chef? You get buttered up.
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty.
Sugar - Honey - Iced - Tea ... Guess what it means.
In the public: Conceal, don't feel... Don't let them know.
If tomatoes are technically a fruit, is ketchup technically a smoothie?
My love is like communism; everyone gets a share, and it's only good in theory.
In accordance to the Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle of Quantum Mechanics, we may already be in love right now.
I'm not insulting you. I'm describing you.
You know why there aren't any good science puns nowadays? Because all the good ones argon.
668 – The neighbour of the beast.
You know she loves you when she picks your nose. How much is determined by whether she gives it to you or eats it herself.
I have given up on my stand up comedy routines. Everybody just keeps laughing at me.
The other day I was singing in the shower, and I got soap in my mouth. Guess what happened then? It became a soap opera.
I like having conversations with kids. Grownups never ask me what my third favorite reptile is.
You're so old that your first car was a covered wagon.
If you are having a blind date on a glacier. Don't break the ice.
I think Facebook needs a group so gingers can mark themselves as safe in this heat.
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
Can you say three two-letter words that mean small? Is it in?
The Thanksgiving holiday brings Americans of all races and religions together to fight over discounted electronics.
What did the blonde say when someone blew in her ear? Thanks for the refill.
Relationship status - table for one but drinks for two.
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common? They're married.
There are 364 days until Christmas and people already have their Christmas lights up. Unbelievable...
Weddings and funerals are the same because I love going but I don't want them to be about me.
Men don't realize that if we're sleeping with them on the first date, we're probably not interested in seeing them again either.
If you can't remember my name, just say 'donuts'. I'll turn around and look.
My wife had me take out more life insurance and now there's no grip left on the bath mat. Weird.
I used to a fan of evolution. But then I have evolved.
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
My wife complained that the vacuum sucks too hard on the rugs and I made a joke... anyway, I'm sleeping on the couch tonight.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He saw his gas bills.
After the weekend the most difficult task is to remember names…
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer. I said, "No, wait! I can change."
She's so ugly she has to sneak up on a mirror.
People are lot less judgy when you say you ate an 'avocado salad' instead of a bowl of guacamole.
Gay? I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
Got asked by two Thai girls if I wanted a threesome. They said it would be like winning the lottery. To my horror they were right. We had 6 matching balls.
Ladies dating a short guy is fun until you can't find him at the club and you don't have taxi money to go home.
You know you're getting old when you start having dry dreams and wet farts.
Whats long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber.
I got drunk last night and my house wasn't where I left it.
I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial.
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy.
What is the thinnest book in the world? "What Men Know About Women"
Nobody's perfect. I'm a nobody.
I received a call from the school telling me my son is constantly lying. I said "Tell him he's a good liar. I don't have a son."
Intimacy is selfish: into me see.
Every time you open your mouth, some idiot starts talking.
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
What did one autumn leaf say to another? I'm falling for you.
I feel like Tampax – at a good place, but wrong time…
In politics, absurdity is not a handicap.
I thought "That's a turn-up for the books."
A cheap shot is a terrible thing to waste.
My brain is not equipped with facial or name recognition technology.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
When does a black guy type the fastest... When he trying to guess the Alarm code.
I may not be the best-looking guy in here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
A termite walks into a bar and says, "Where is the bar tender?"
I'm pretty sure I'm going to die without knowing what 95% of a scientific calculator is used for.
I overdosed on Viagra once. The hardest day of my life.
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
I'm not sure if this woman in the Starbucks line ahead of me is ordering a drink or casting a spell.
With disdain.
When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance.
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Cindrella?
What did Donald Trump say to Dora The Explorer while playing Uno? "Ok, you tortilla stop jumping and stealing all the green cards."
Vagina - the box a penis comes in.
What does a penis and an ego have in common? All men have one!
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
Where were you i have been waiting for half an hour. Said No Girl Ever.
Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card? The thief was spending less then his wife.
My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky
What do cannibals do at a wedding? Toast the bride and groom.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
I wanted to make a joke about criminals, but I was scared it would get stolen.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
I can feel my personality turning a dull shade of grey when I talk to you.
I want to be something really scary for Halloween this year so I'm dressing up as a phone battery at 2%.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
The seven ages of man: spills, drills, thrills, bills, ills, pills and wills.
I recently heard about a mannequin that lost all of his friends because he was so clothes minded!
I thought reverse psychology was when you made your therapist cry.
Hello, you've reached 1-800-NARCISSIST, how can you help me?
If I could meet my brain the first thing I would probably say is: "It was truly and sincerely horrible working with you."
After the helicopter crash, the blond pilot was asked what happened. She replied, "It was getting chilly in there, so I turned the fan off."
There is a new trend in our office; everyone is putting names on their food. I saw it today, while I was eating a sandwich named Kevin.
Where do cows go on their summer vacation? Moo York.
My pencil is gone. It's pointless though.
My ex-girlfriend told me nothing shocks her anymore so I switched her digital scale from Lbs to Kg.
My son asked me what it's like to be married so I told him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
Hey baby, I heard that rabbits, can make 150 babies a year, how many do you think we can make in an hour?
Some people are kind, polite, and sweet-spirited until you try to sit in their pews.
How do you get a couple of fat birds into bed? Piece of cake.
Why does Dwyane Wade wear number 3? Because that's a number of minutes he can stay on the court without getting hurt.
Seek knowledge from cradle to the grave.
Remember, it's not what you do... it's what you get away with.
What does a mathematician say when something goes wrong? Figures!
Until I came across you.
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? "Put it on my bill."
What is the difference between a battery and a woman? A battery has a positive side.
What's the object of a Jewish football game? To get the quarterback.
What's the difference between people and tin foil? Tin foil doesn't wrinkle as it oldens.
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland. The sign said, "Disneyland Left". So they started crying and went home.
Yo momma is so stupid when I told her Christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.
I was never a photogenic person, because when everyone said cheese I said "WHERE"?
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
Parenting is easy once you learn the secret. For the love of god, please tell me the secret.
Murdered for immortality. Received life sentence.
What's the origin of the word "Boob"? The "B" is the aerial view, the "oo" is the front view, the "b" is the side view.
But do you know what 6.9 is? A good thing screwed up by a period.
Yesterday I donated my watch, phone, and $500 to a poor guy. You can't imagine the happiness I felt as I saw him put his pistol back in his pocket.
I don't ignore people, I just choose to not notice them.
If you're looking for the best time to spill things on yourself, might I suggest wearing a white shirt and right before an interview.
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool? "Please get out of the pool."
I'm trying to date a philosophy professor, but she doesn't even know if I exist or not.
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
Sleep is my drug….my bed is my dealer and my alarm clock is the police.
Kobe Bryant wears the number 24 to remind himself of how many seconds he has to hog the ball.
My grandfather tried to warn them about the Titanic. He screamed and shouted about the iceberg and how the ship was going to sink, but all they did was throw him out of the theater.
The fish tube is a government ploy to distract us from the very suspicious circumstances surrounding Jeffrey Epstein's death stay woke people.
Lawyers really aren't so bad, it's just ninety-nine percent of lawyers that make the rest look bad.
As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me, with tears in his eyes and said, "You know, one would have been enough."
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
Who is never hungry at Christmas? The turkey - he's always stuffed!
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag?
I love my FedEx guy cause he's a drug dealer and he doesn't even know it — and he's always on time.
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
Frank: "I love you."
Who invented the brush they put next to the toilet? That thing hurts!
"You can't sleep either?" Says a voice from under your bed.
My doctor told me I needed to break a sweat once a day so I told him I'd start lying to my wife.
Always select the right one.
What's the difference between a black dude and a park bench. A park bench can support a family of four.
What do you call a Spanish guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Despite my last 12,000 tweets, I'm actually really fun.
Interested in seeing the "North Pole"? (Well, that's what the Mrs. calls it)
Dad: "No sun."
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It will take a minute for me to get hard I just got laid by a chick
The value of money in a relationship: the 10 bucks that the wife and the tax inspection don't know about are worth more than the 100 that both know about.
Telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.
Which part of the Bible won't you find a black man? The Book of Job.
My psychiatrist said I was pre-occupied with the vengeance I told him "oh yeah we'll see about that!"
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
War does not determine who is right – only who is left.
Interviewer: "Why do you want this job?"
I speak Swedish with an Ikea accent.
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them...
Marriage is full of surprises but it's mostly just asking each other "do you have to do that right now?"
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
It was love at first sight. Then I took a second look!
You shouldn't come back, because later you'll still want to leave.
What's your best non swearing insult? I hope you step on a lego.
Photography tips:
3.
Why was the tree excited about the future? It was ready to turn over a new leaf!
Don't worry laundry, it's Friday night and nobody is doing me either.
I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. She told me "Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace" So I bought her nothing.
What do you call a Muslim who owns 6 goats? A pimp.
My wife made me a green hamburger today to celebrate St Patricks Day. I asked her how she colored it and she said she didn't know what I was talking about.
Why don't aliens visit our planet? Terrible ratings. One star.
My boss: "Do that on your own time!"
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
My boss says I intimidate the other employees, so I just stared at him until he apologized.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't!
Why did the scarecrow win the competition? He was 'outstanding' in his field!
My girlfriend left me because she couldn't handle my OCD. I told her to close the door five times on her way out.
I asked my wife, "Where do you want to go for our anniversary?" She said, "Somewhere I have never been!" I told her, "How about the kitchen?"
To the mathematicians who thought of the idea of zero, thanks for nothing!
You don't work – you don't have money to live, you work – there's no time to live.
Why did the volleyball player cross the road? There are players on the other side.
Stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk together but only one of them knows it.
Everyone can find one person or three cats waiting for him.
Today I found my first grey pubic hair. I got really excited, but not as much as the other people in the lift.
Dyslexic, you say? How do you spell that?
If I was a dog, and you were a flower, I'd lift up my legs, and give you a shower.
I hate the part of the conversation where the other person says things.
I'm sure there's a supplement I could take or another easy solution to cure my laziness. Someone look into it for me.
If I wanted your opinion, I would give it to you.
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
A guy and a dog are siting at a bar. Dog says to guy, you think your wifes a bitch!
What is it when a woman talks dirty to a man? $3.99 a minute.
Life doesn't hand me lemons, it fires them at me rapidly from a lemon cannon.
Me: "Remember when I rubbed you out?" Genie: "Don't say it like that..."
"Doctor, there's a patient on line 1 that says he's invisible."
Grandma told me, "They should send you for death!", but I didn't make much of it since I was busy trying to remember what I came for.
How many tennis players does it take to screw in a light bulb? "What do you mean it was out, it was in!"
Back in my day, we didn't watch TV while we ate dinner. We actually talked to each other. It was awful.
Are you a Disney princess? Cuz your Cinder-hella-fine.
When a newly married woman smiles, all know why, but when a ten-years married woman smiles, all wonder why.
It's not a relationship until you argue about whose turn it is to apologize.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? "Oh sheet!"
Do you have a date for Valentine's Day? Sirl: Yes, February 14th.
You know I would love to show you the toys my elves make for adults.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
How do you scare a snowman? You get a hairdryer!
I had a job tying sausages together, but I couldn't make ends meet.
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common "enemy".
What is the most dangerous thing in your freezer? Ice is.
Why are aspirins white? Because they work.
My dad finally left me a voicemail where  he didn't introduce himself. I think we're getting closer.
-Dogs
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
I've been running as fast as I can, but I still can't catch my breath.
Cake: the answer, no matter the question.
Getting a red heart instead of a yellow star makes me feel like things are moving a little too fast between us.
What pants do ghosts wear? BOO jeans.
I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't.
A Chinese couple had a black baby and named it sum ting Wong.
Laziness is when a person doesn't fake that he's working.
What is a baptized Mexican called? Bean dip.
A: The letter "m."
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Black people are like carpets. When they get dirty, just chain them to the back of your truck and drive.
When his I.Q. reaches 50, he should sell.
If the speed of light is 186,000 miles/sec., what's the speed of darkness?
Accidentally called 911. Set my house on fire to not look stupid.
Why does the bride always wear white? Because it is good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator.
Did you hear about the bonfire? I heard it was lit.
He was in a pub when he proposed. It was very romantic – he got up on one knee.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob.
What idiot called it a vet instead of a dogtor?
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
Why are badminton players so loud? Because they are always making a racket!
Can't wait to start my New Years resolution in 2018!
He is known as a miracle comic. If he's funny, it's a miracle!
My wife still hasn't told me what my New Year's resolutions are.
When The Hulk goes off into a vicious rage and destroys everything, he's "Incredible." But when I do it, I'm "an alcoholic."
If i was the Grinch, I wouldn't steal Christmas. I'd steal you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Pay no attention to the elephant in the room: it's ir-elephant.
What do electric trains and women's breasts have in common? They were originally intended for children but it's the men who play with them the most.
A: 50: 3 to die trying, 1 to actually pull it off, and 46 other to say, "man, I could do that!"
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
I don't think it's possible for me to become a sniper. Not by a long shot.
I applied for a job today and they ask for three references. I wrote, "a dictionary, a Thesaurus, and a map."
Why are fish never good tennis players? They don't like getting close to the net.
I should have known it would never work out between me and my ex-girlfriend - after all, I'm a Pisces and she's a bitch.
I should have known that my marriage was bound to be doomed when my wife choose to have her vows be read from the Necronomicom.
Hi there, I'm a human being! What are you?
I require three things in a man. He must be handsome, ruthless and stupid.
Your IQ is roughly around room temperature.
What's the difference between a blonde and a computer? You only have to punch information into a computer once.
What type of exam does the vampire teacher give his students? A blood test.
What's the definition of a male chauvinist pig? A man who hates every bone in a woman's body, except his own.
I've only been wrong once, and that's when I thought I was wrong.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
From all the butts, ours is the most important.
NASA is sending traditionalist Christians to the red planet... Amish on to Mars.
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Whatever it is it's heading straight for the world trade centre.
What do men and beer bottles have in common? They are both empty from the neck up.
Just had a date with a woman who welds for a living and oh my, were the sparks flying.
I am so single once I tried to change my Facebook status from single to relationship, captcha pops on my screen Facebook thought I may be a robot.
I have decided to stop exercising and just learn Photoshop.
Sometimes God sends one of your EX back in life just to check if you are still stupid.
There's a lot of pretty woman at spring because during other seasons you appreciate them with your brain.
Being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
A man is being arrested by a female police officer, who informs him, "Anything you say can and will be held against you." The man replies, "Boobs!"
I bought a new Japanese car. I turned on the radio... I don't understand a word they're saying.
I saw weird stuff in that place last night. Weird, strange, sick, twisted, gross, godless, evil stuff... and I want it (:
Oh, you're straight? Well, so is spaghetti until it gets hot and wet.
Time may be a great healer but it's also a lousy beautician.
Fat people are lucky - they get to eat whatever they want and not worry about getting fat.
What is the difference between men and women? A woman wants one man to satisfy her every need...A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need.
I am the ghost of Christmas Future Perfect Subjunctive: I will show you what would have happened were you not to have changed your ways!
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
I've never played the bagpipes but I have carried a screaming three-year-old toddler over my shoulder.
Is it weird that one nipple is bigger than my other two?
Would you call an Italian hooker a pasta-tute?
I have this weird talent where I can identify what's inside a wrapped present. It's a gift.
A blonde heard that accidents happen close to home so she moved!
I threw my toaster away because it kept burning my bread. You could say I'm black toast intolerant.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
Fat people suffer from their feet... their feet won't stay out of the chip shop.
Men swear they know everything until you ask them who is she.
Did you hear the joke about the Liberty Bell? Yeah, it cracked me up!
Before starting to stand up comedy I used to think I'll die of hunger. Now, I'm quite sure about it.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
My computer's got Miley Virus. It has stopped twerking.
What has four legs but can't walk? A chair.
The bartender says "we don't serve time travelers in here". A time traveler walks into a bar.
Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them!
Hi, Can I domesticate you?
Hey gurl, how about you make the Patriots and deflate these balls.
She's so fat, she fell down and rocked herself to sleep trying to get up!
I wish the girls who rejected me in high school could see how many Pokémon I've caught.
What cheese is made backwards? Edam.
Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade?
Do you know a funny one liner? Add your one liner to our site and see how good it is.
I lost my job as a stage designer,
Why do women love Chinese food? Because WON TON spelled backward is NOT NOW!
If your partner asks, "Do you love your phone more than you love me?" Lie.
Men read Playboy for the articles, women go to malls for the music.
Q: What do you call a bench full of white people?
After kissing a girl on her sofa she said "let's take this upstairs"."Ok" I said "You grab one end and I'll grab the other"
I got into an argument with a mime once, then I had to silence him.
Relationship Status: I'm a Rubik's Cube. Now try and figure me out.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak? February 14th.
Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account? They were prime mates.
What do u call 1,000 black people on a plane back to Africa? A good start.
Which tea is the most popular in psychiatries? Insanitea.
Will you marry me? Is a marriage proposal. Will, you, Mary, me? Is a foursome proposal.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
How do you confuse a blonde? You don't. They're born that way!
When people don't make sense, listen to music. It always does.
I've pre-planned my funeral to include a 32 minute montage of the times I've accidentally waved hello to someone waving to someone behind me.
Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
One-seventh of your life is spent on Mondays.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
A mother makes her son intelligent in 20 years, but a woman can make him stupid in 30 seconds.
I was gonna write a black joke but you wouldn't see it.
Be it any situation but your friends are gonna be there with you probably asking for a treat!
Facebook should have a limit on times you can update your relationship status, after 3 it should default to 'unstable'.
I am depressed in every way except emotionally.
I wonder why there are locks on the doors of Seven-Eleven when it says they are open 24/7.
Where do sharks go on summer vacation? Finland!
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
The difference between the Pope and your boss. The Pope only expects you to kiss his ring.
You can't know a person well until you live with them. You can't know them really well until you divorce them.
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross country.
What is the abbreviation of KFC: Killing Fucking Crackers?
Don't let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella.
If breaks are meant to be slow... then why do they call it "breakfast"?
If you understand English, press 1. If you do not understand English, press 2. Recording on an Australian tax help line.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Confucius says Love one another. If it doesn't work, just interchange the last two words.
Why do men like love at first sight? Because he knows it's all over as soon as she opens her mouth.
3-year-old: *stares at the baby* What does it do? Me: Nothing yet. She's not here to entertain you. 3: Me: 3: Can we get one that is?
We never knew he was a drunk... until he showed up to work sober.
Why did the students eat their homework? Because the teacher said that it was a piece of cake.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
I went geese hunting the other day but once they started flying I knew the game was up.
Why do Eskimos build Igloos with a hole out front? So you can see Inuit.
Dear ladies, if you want to have more free time and have fun on the weekends, teach your men fishing!
If you are a bit paranoid, does that mean you're upset with the numbers from 0 to 3?
Money is the root of all wealth.
I think you press "0" to be connected with customer service because that's the amount of help they give you.
Why do frogs like St. Patrick's Day? Because they're always wearing green.
You're about as much use as parallel lines of a railway track. The only difference is the railway tracks take people places and with the way you are, it's no wonder you always end up going nowhere in life.
There's always something to be thankful for on Thanksgiving. Even if it's just not being a turkey.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
My mind wants to dance but my body is a really awkward white guy.
Have hope for the future, but maybe build a bomb shelter anyway.
Death is not the worst which can happen to men: Plato (After getting friend zoned)
Turning vegan is a big missed steak.
Why did God put men on the Earth? Becuase a vibrator can't mow the lawn.
Tell me what you need, and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
The advantage of using a nailcutter is, you won't get scratchmark on your forehead skin and the disadvantage is, you can't peel off garlic skin.
Why is the book "Women Who Love Too Much" a disappointment for many men? No phone numbers.
It's not a flaw to have a husband, but an essential drawback to have a wife.
What travels around the world but stays in one corner? A stamp.
A tree house is the biggest insult to a tree. "Here, I killed your friend. Hold him."
What do blondes do after they comb their hair? They pull up their pants.
What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.14 meters long? A πthon.
Even paranoids have enemies.
A magician was driving down the road and turned into a shopping mall.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor.
Sorry, my dog ate your text message.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
If you want to change your life significantly just walk to the Mercedes-Benz 600 standing at the junction, take a brick and throw it into the windshield.
Joe says, "Six months? Doc, I can't pay your bill in six months, I can't do it!"
What food describes most men? Jerky.
"I just don't understand why I can't sleep" she said while staring at the little glowing box of doom in her hand.
I've got my ion you, baby!
The best things in the world are free - and worth every penny of it.
Every day two million Americans play tennis and one million of them lose.
Q: How does a blonde turn the lights on in the morning? A: She opens the car door.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts? Sheep can hear unzipping trousers from a distance of 100 yards.
Not to brag, but my antics at work resulted in several items being added to the employee manual.
It must be difficult to post inspirational Tweets when your blood type is B Negative.
What is an alien's favorite candy? A Mars bar!
Why don't oysters share their pearls? Because they're shellfish.
Where do you find a birthday present for a cat? In a cat-alogue!
Why are Vegan women, hypocrites? Cause they love to bone and eat meat!
Why are teachers happy at Halloween parties? Because there is lots of school spirit!
Sex on tv can't hurt unless you fall off.
I'm not racist, I have a colored tv.
I wanted to do panic buying. I checked my account. I can only panic.
It's funny, when I walk into a spider web I demolish his home and misplace his dinner yet I still feel like the victim.
What did the chicken say when it got to the library? "Book book book book book book book..."
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Education is important but other stuff is more importanter.
The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away is your husband.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
My friend claims that he "accidentally" glued himself to his autobiography, but I don't believe him. But that's his story, and he's sticking to it.
Girl: "Yeah I died I long time ago, just like that line."
Remember: What dad really wants is a nap. Really.
What's a mixed feeling? When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your new car.
Want to get noticed? Go jogging without moving your arms.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
If you are here - who is running hell?
An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.
Whats black and brown and looks good on a black guy? A Rottweiler.
You can't get on the same page with someone who has a different book.
How do you stop 5 black guys from raping a white girl? Throw them a basketball.
I can't believe I forgot to go to the gym today. That's 7 years in a row now.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
"I would like my pizza to be 1/3 Hawaiian, 1/3 meat-lovers, and 1/3 vegeterian," ...said the zombie.
What does it mean when you see a bunch of blacks running in one direction? Jail break.
There's good climate in heaven, but a better company in hell.
You was sent back to earth from hell becasuse the devil choked on your soul.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way.
Gave my co-worker the Heimlich maneuver. Proving once again I'm no good at birthday gifts.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
May all your troubles last as long as your New Years resolutions?
Tell me again how I unloaded the dishwasher too loudly when you were watching golf. Detectives will want to know exactly how this went down.
Smartphones are pacifiers for adults.
I'm good at multitasking and procrastinating, which means right now there are at least 28 things that I'm putting off until later.
Boss: what
A: Oh. Single. It's called single.
Think Im Sarcastic? Watch Me Pretend To Care!
A: Nothing, they just waved.
Why do only 20 percent of blonde chicks lay Easter eggs? The rest are hunting peckers.
A wise man once said... Nothing, he only listened.
Happy 3 week anniversary to the 26 browser tabs I have open.
Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Why do husbands die before their wives? They want to.
A guy goes to a club; the bouncer stops him. "No tie, no entry." He walks back to his car to find a tie. All he found were jumper cables so he puts them around his neck like a tie. He goes back and says "How's this?" The bouncer says "I'll let you in, but don't start anything."
You're more special than relativity.
I just found out I'm colorblind. The diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I wondered why the Frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
If you're waiting for me to care, I hope you brought something to eat, 'cause it's gonna be a really long time.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed.
I work out almost every day. Friday I almost worked out, Saturday I almost worked out, Sunday I almost worked out...
I childproofed the house… but they still get in!
I dont care or think about the people in my past... there is some reason why they didn't make it to my future!
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
Have a girl that everyone else dreams about, but don't dream about a girl that everyone else has.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
Let's emotionally damage each other and call it Love.
Why men's voice is louder than women? Men have an antenna.
I'm taking part in a stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
You and Me = Grand Unification
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
I named my dog 6 miles so I can tell people that I walk 6 miles every single day.
Your body is a poop gun and eating is reloading.
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
Dont stop! I dont usually get to see beauty in motion
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
What do you call 100 niggers on the bottom of the sea? A good start.
My boyfriend said he didn't have a date that same day I caught him eating one.
What does a Ghost say on 12/31? Happy New Fear!/Happy boo year!
A woman just asked me if I like thighs or breasts. Told her I like shaved vagina and anal. Apparently, this isn't an appropriate answer at KFC.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips!
I can't decide which room not to clean first.
The only thing more important than your happiness is mine so get on it.
Why do Retirees smile all the time? Because they can't hear a word you're saying!
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much more for them.
I'm looking at the serving size of Laughing Cow cheese and I see why the cow is laughing.
Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning? They don't have balls to scratch!
What goes through towns, up hills, and down hills but never moves? The road!
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student? Because education pays off in the long run!
We need to look at how the world really works, not just accept the way we are told it works.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Dr.'s are saying not to worry about the bird flu because it's tweetable.
Stupidity comes in all shapes and sizes. Some of them even look like people.
Why did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
Wanna fork? Not to-knife, but as spoon as I feel better.
We can copy any document for you. We do not require the original.
My friend's friend is my friend. My friend's girlfriend is my friend. My friend's boyfriend is just a scum.
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.
Why'd the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong pair of socks.
When I was young, I always felt like a male trapped in a females body. Then I was born
Believe it or not, but when you're living alone a clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
Hear the slogan for the Stealth Condom? "They'll never see you coming."
My track record as an adult is mostly false starts, hurdles and running around in a circle.
Q: What did the full moon vampire say to the other full moon vampire?
How does a blonde high-five? She smacks herself in the forehead.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
That awesome moment when you open the fridge and the first thing you see is the thing you wanted to eat.
What do you do if you see a black person hoping in your front yard? Reload and shoot again.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What's the difference between the Chinese and racism? Racism has many faces.
What has eight arms and an IQ of 80? Four girlfriends drinking on St Patricks Day!
So Donald Trump walks into a bar... and lowers it.
What do you give the blonde that has everything? Penicillin.
The consensus after the election is that 100% of Americans think 50% of Americans have lost their minds.
On a scale of 1 to 11, how would you rate Arabs? 9 out of 11.
Whenever you get mad, just think of a t-rex trying to masturbate.
Yo momma so fat she has more rolls than a bakery.
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
Don't let your worries get the best of you; remember, Moses started out as a basket case.
Remember, children. The best way to get a puppy for Christmas is to beg for a baby brother.
Cashier: "How would you like to pay for this."
How does a snowman get around? He rides an icicle!
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack.
What do you call Dinner and Breakfast? Dickfeast!
The Italian boxing team boycotted the Olympics when they heard it was going to be one on one.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers.
He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh
He is so old that he gets nostalgic when he sees the Neolithic cave paintings.
When I said "I was afraid of the dentist", I meant the bill.
When Miley Cyrus gets naked & licks a hammer it's "art" & "music". But when I do it, I'm "drunk" and "have to leave the hardware store".
Why is a doctor always calm? Because it has a lot of patients.
Why do nursing homes give Viagra to the old men every night? It keeps them from rolling out of bed!
I saw a man yesterday who was so bald I could see what he was thinking.
How do you Circumcise a Cracker? Kick his 3-year old daughter in the jaw.
What do you call all black abortion clinic? Crime Stoppers.
As I watched the dog chasing his tail I thought "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
My mind's made up, don't confuse me with facts.
What's the best part about Valentine's Day? The day after when all the chocolate goes on sale.
My teacher was talking about excuses and told me to not tell her that my homework grew legs and flew away.
My dog is completely exhausted from destroying everything in my house
Escalators don't break down... they just turn into stairs.
In democracy, it's your vote that counts. In feudalism, it's your count that votes.
Do ten millipedes equal one centipede?
I asked a german if he knew what the square root of 81 was. He said no.
Why are black people so good at basketball? They know how to run shoot and steal.
If anything is possible, is it possible for something to be impossible?
What do you get when you cross a snoman and a vampire? Frost bite.
It's ok computer, I go to sleep after 20 minutes of inactivity too.
Don't be nervous if someone is driving ahead of you- the world is round, just think that you're driving first!
I always feel better when my doctor says something is normal for my age but then think dying will also be normal for my age at some point.
I went to a peanut factory last week. It was nuts!
What did Adam say to Eve on the 24th December? It's Christmas Eve, Eve.
I'm ready to start a family, in the sense that I have enough chip clips for 6 people.
Love is like a machine... sometimes you need a good screw to fix it.
"Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?"
I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of a chapstick. She still isn't talking to me.
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
It is better to be on seventh heaven, rather than on the seventh month.
What do you tell someone you didn't see at New Year's Eve? I haven't seen you for a year!
People don't get my puns. They think they're funny.
Why did the octapus? Because the seaweed.
What's the difference between your wife and your job? After five years your job will still suck.
I dated a girl with a lazy eye once.
In India a man was bitten by a snake as he tried to take a 'selfie'. How the snake managed to bite the man and hold a phone simultaneously is a mystery.
My colleague can no longer attend next weeks Innuendo Seminar so I have to fill her slot instead.
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
Party host: Anyone here allergic to nuts? Because I like to rest mine on the table.
I called a suicide hotline in Afghanistan. They got all excited and asked if I could drive a truck.
A teacher asks a student, "Are you ignorant or just apathetic?" The kid answers, "I don't know and I don't care."
Why don't black people go on cruises... because they aren't falling for that again.
Chuck Norris once snorted a kilo of cocaine; it had no effect.
My superpower is making people laugh. Which would be great if I was trying to be funny.
I have won first place in this Halloween costume contest 16 years in a row. This year I am dressed as a hotdog. I'm on a roll.
It's uncomfortable when the neighbor's kids look like you.
Got my girlfriend a "get better soon" card. She's not sick, I just think she could get better.
Men? On the whole, I'd rather buy new batteries.
"Dad, how do stars die?" "Usually an overdose."
Why do blacks raise chickens? To teach their kids how to walk.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
All of these people here talking about how they love with their whole heart... I'm just happy I didn't bite anyone today.
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
I've learned that the people you care most about in life are taken from you too soon and all the less important ones just never go away.
I return to work tomorrow with a child-like belief that 2017 is the year people will think at least twice before hitting Reply All.
Opinions are like arse holes. Everyone has one, but not everyone wants to hear it...
Dog: Pretending to read newspaper.
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a nigger? Someone who is too lazy to steal.
I often confuse reptiles and amphibians. Actually, if I'm being brutally honest, they pretty much never know what I'm talking about.
I was putting mustard on my sandwich and I had that strange feeling I had already done that. I was experiencing De'-Jonvu!
My toddler ate some googly eyes and I'm really excited to see if she's going to recreate the poop emoji.
I think, therefore I'm single.
Even people who are good for nothing can bring smile on your face, when pushed down the stairs...
What happened when the man fell in love with his garden? It made him wed his plants!
I saw 2 men mugging an old lady and I asked myself if I should help but decided that 3 would be overkill.
1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother Colin. Or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If elevators hadn't been invented, all the CEOs would have their offices on the first floor as a sign of status. And the entry level employees would be up on the 60th floor.
Work is for people who don't know how to fish.
What did one pencil say to the other pencil? You're looking sharp!
What do u call 2 black people in a red blanket? A Kit-Kat
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
I don't care who you are, but if you're reading this I still don't care.
I am one bottle of shower gel away from being able to open my own Christmas gift shop in my shower.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Kyle: "Dude, why is my netflix DVD out in the snow?"
My bed wasn't feeling well this morning, so I had to stay home to take care of it.
If your parachute won't open, you have the rest of your life to fix it.
To the guy who invented the number zero: "Thanks for nothing".
Why did the blonde snort artificial sweetener? She thought it was diet coke.
Multitasking: screwing up several things at once.
Teacher: "Can anyone name three Kings that brought happiness and peace to earth?"
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
What do black people and bicycles have in common? Neither work without chains.
Judging by the size of these chicken fingers, the chicken was somewhere between 8' to 11' tall.
An opinion without 3.14159 is just an onion.
5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.
Weak men have a lover, strong men – three.
What's the difference between a black dad and a boomerang? A boomerang comes back.
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
I get it ladies, I had abs before I had kids too.
Welcome to backhanded compliment club, it's so nice meeting people who don't care how they look.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
I don't do different things... It's just that I do things differently!
Squirrels always act like it's their first day of being a squirrel.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Haven't seen any UFOs lately. Wondering if the galaxy is downsizing their space programs too.
If you got tired of living, don't share your thoughts with all your friends – they might not give you a chance to change your mind…
I finally got eight hours sleep. Took me four days but whatever.
16 Blondes are standing outside the bar. Why didn't they go in? The sign said 18+.
Why does a blonde wear green lipstick? Because red means Stop.
I heard that Michael Jackson loved his soda, so much so that they called him the King of Pop.
When I play rock, paper, scissors, people think I always choose scissors. They're wrong. I'm actually flashing a peace sign. Stop the violence.
My wife asked me where I'd like to be buried? Apparently "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
When I was young, I was afraid of the dark. Now when I get my electric bill, I am afraid of the light.
I'm not dumb, I just have a lot of blonde moments.
I would count my blessings on Thanksgiving, but my relatives outnumber them.
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
Virginity is not dignity, but lack of opportunity.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
Some people are so happy to see you in the parade, so they have another reason to crap on it.
My sister is so fat then when we go out to the local buffet they see her coming and pot out the speed-bumps.
Life is a lot like a penis - soft, relaxed and hanging free... then a woman makes it hard.
A man on a date wonders if he'll get lucky. A woman already knows.
If a person told you they were a pathological liar, should you believe them?
I hate two-faced people. It's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
My wife asked me earlier: "Are you even listening to me?". Which is a really weird way to start a conversation...
If we get rid of all the margarine the world will be a butter place.
Using a public restroom always reminds me how much better I am at flushing a toilet than a lot of other people on this planet.
You have two choices in life: You can stay single and be miserable, or get married and wish you were dead.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish.
A women's work that is never done is the stuff that she asked her husband to do.
I like when flies won't leave my car on long road trips. Have fun moving to Kansas, you tiny idiot.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other? My pad or yours?
A mexican magician was doing a magic trick. He said, Uno, Dose, and he disappeared without a trace.
Dont be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone.
The good Lord didn't create anything without a purpose, but mosquitoes come close.
Why did God create the orgasm? So women can moan even when they're happy.
Son: "Dad, can you tell me what a solar eclipse is?"
If Russians pronounce B's as V's then Soviet.
Live every day like it was the last day, and one day you won't miss.
What did the caveman give his wife on Valentine's Day? Ughs and kisses!
If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common.
Diplomacy is the art of sending someone to hell in the way that they are looking forward to it.
Save money by sleeping a lot.
Your mother so old she breast milk turn into powder milk.
Don't tell me I don't know the difference between right & wrong. Wrong is the fun one.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
Why doesn't Jesus eat M&Ms? They fall through the holes in his hands.
I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right!
I am busy contemplating my future. Don't worry, this will only take a minute.
Why can you see black people at night? Because they shut off the lights.
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer ...oh wait, he does.
I sleep better naked…why can't the flight attendant understand this?
Did you hear about the guy that lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.
An iron rule of a leader – make love to your wife in the morning and you will be the first.
A vegan said to me, "People who sell meat are gross!" I said, "People who sell fruits and vegetables are grocer."
I went to the sign store the other day but all they had were left-hand turn signs. I didn't buy one because I knew deep down it just wouldn't be right.
The sight of a woman's cleavage reduces a man's ability to think clearly by 50%... per boob!
Someday is not a day of the week.
I need hug(e amount of money).
You must be a full moon, coz everytime you are around me, I turn into a beast.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Are my undies showing? ["No."] "Would you like them to?"
I believe in loyalty. When a woman reaches an age she likes, she should stick with it.
My doctors office has two doctors on call at all times. Is that considered a pair a docs.
A cement mixer and a prison bus crashed on the highway...
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
I sat next to a man on the park bench. He had 9 watches on one wrist and 5 in the other. I said man "you sure do have a lot of time on your hands."
I didn't realize how bad of a driver I was until my sat nav said, "In 400 feet, do a slight right, stop, and let me out."
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Doctor: "Well, it looks like you're pregnant."
What do you call the trousers of people who can't speak? Pant-O-Mimes!
What do you call a fag in a wheel-chair? Roll-AIDS.
My friend told me he wanted to see Africa and experience seeing people of a different skin color... Later, I had to tell him KFC didn't count as a place.
My life is a lot like that driver who signals right, but turns left.
You know you've got a high sperm count when she has to chew before she swallows.
There's safety in Numbers, but I prefer Deuteronomy.
I never loved you any more than I do, right this second. And I'll never love you any less than I do, right this second.
Girls are like internet domain names... the ones I like are already taken.
Why do rich kids have shiny white teeth? Cause they brush with coke.
Marijuana is the gateway drug to taking 45 minutes to pick out which color Gatorade you want to buy.
Hit snooze until the panic sets in.
The results of a Harvard study found that 9 out of 10 people who do not eat meat suffer from chronic constipation, proving that what happens in vegans, stays in vegans.
I have an 8:30 dinner reservation tonight. That's like midnight in middle-age time.
Why do birds fly south in the Fall? Because it's too far to walk.
Why don't you do arithmetic in the jungle? Because if you add 4 + 4 you get ate!
I made a mistake at the grocery store.
A nice box of chocolates provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?
One good thing about graduation is that you get to wear a funny hat that makes your brain look larger than it actually is.
Want to hear a pizza joke... nah, it's too cheesy. What about a construction joke? Oh never mind, I'm still working on that one. Did you hear the one about the rope? Skip it. Have you heard the one about the guy in the wheelchair? Never mind, it's too lame.
Being asked to be best man is like being asked to make love to the queen. On the one hand it is a great honour, but you dread the moment when you have to rise to perform.
Owls always look like they just saw a penis for the first time.
Electricity is dangerous. Shocking, ain't it?
What do black guys have that's double the size of white men and gets bigger every time they touch a woman?
Life isn't about winning and losing. It's about wishing you would have won and wondering why you lost.
2 reasons I don't give money to homeless people:
I recently added squats to my workouts by moving the beer into the bottom shelf of the fridge.
If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole!
"What else can we think about?"
Sorry I'm late. I was trying to think of ways to get out of this.
Wives are like grenades... Remove the ring and boom, a house is gone!
How long have I been working for this company? Ever since they threatened to fire me.
Why was Jesus a virgin when he died? Every time he touched a "wound" it closed.
Did it hurt when you felt from heaven?
I drink to forget that I accidentally once said "I love you" when ending a call with a customer service rep.
Teacher: "Which book has helped you the most in your life?"
It is very easy to become a superman, you just have to change the sequence of clothes while wearing.
Your mama is so stupid, she thought you were smart.
How do you keep black people out of your back yard? Hang one in the front!
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
Finally I got laid on top of a how woman, I was on the upper berth and she on the lower one.
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it. I'm serious! That Israeli how he does it!
Makeup tip: You're not in the circus.
I like the way your medication thinks.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. He was pulled in by a strong currant.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
I am rarely more focused on 5 seconds than when I'm waiting to skip an ad on the internet.
I hate when people use words without knowing the meaning... gives me a huge hysterectomy on the side of my head.
If I had a dollar for everytime I had an existential crisis it wouldnt matter because currency is a social construct and life is meaningless.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
Why did God create black men? So fat white girls could dance (and get laid).
You give me Epsilon, I give you Delta. Together, we find limits.
Time waits for no man, time is obviously a woman.
I'm not racist, my shadow is black.
Don't drink and drive because you might spill the drink.
You must be an angel, because your texture mapping is so divine!
A good bar is like a good woman - liquor in the front and poker in the back.
A clean house is a sign of a misspent life.
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
It's strange that, despite all the warnings, I've never seen a tombstone that read: "Died from not forwarding that e-mail to 10 people."
I was addicted to the hokey pokey... but thankfully, I turned myself around.
I told my niece that I saw a moose on the way to work this morning. She said, "How do you know he was on his way to work?"
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
How do blonde braincells die? Alone.
I Googled "how to start a wildfire". I got 48,500 matches.
Doctor: "Because I would like to start the exam."
Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....(Why?) Cause I want to take your top off.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
2. I want to spend it on alcohol.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
It's so cold that I have to take half a Viagra so I won't pee on my shoes.
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Student: "A dead bird, sir."
A black guy goes up to his friend and says "I'm confused, this guy keeps calling me a ginger". His friend goes "he's just dyslexic".
I know my limits: if I fell down it means enough.
26.8 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
What's a cocoon? Same as a n-nigger.
He who hesitates is boss.
Please go play with your brother. That's basically the reason we had him.
It's officially New Year's Eve, you only have a couple of hours to do all the things you will resolve not to do in the new year.
If you can't beat the record, you can beat up its owner.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
I am a virtuous woman, that's why I cost more!
A: Because it's pointless!
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
I wanna hang a map of the world in my house. Then I'm gonna put pins into all the locations that I've traveled to. But first, I'm gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won't fall down.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
No, those pants don't make you look fatter. I mean, how could they?
I've been waiting for the bus so long, someone just stapled a lost cat flyer to my chest.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
What is the only time a man thinks about a candlelight dinner? When the power goes off.
Are your pants from outer space or is your butt just out of this world?
Always wear high heels, it makes it easier to look down on him.
Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin? (No, why?) Cause I noticed the humps!
How do you milk sheep? Release a new iPhone and charge $1,000 for it.
I flirted with disaster last night. Now disaster won't stop texting me.
For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday.
My take home pay won't even get me home.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I feel sorry for wild animals because it's like they're always camping without beer.
You're so poor I saw you kicking a can across the street I asked you what you were doing you said moving.
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy.
You can make a water-bed more bouncy by using spring water.
What is a runner's favourite subject in school? Jog-raphy!
I'm starting a new chapter of AA "Almost Alcoholics", their motto is, "Lets get sober, next week".
It's not the bullet that kills you, it's the hole.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
What do you call a black guy with a fan? Antique air conditioner.
My uncle died in 9-11. He was the greatest pilot in all of Saudi Arabia.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
Wine improves with age. I improve with wine.
Put some ash or soot on your fingertip. Casually mention to a friend that he has a spot of dirt on his face as you reach up to remove it. Leave your mark!
My girlfriend said, "You act like a detective too much. I want to split up." "Good idea," I replied. "We can cover more ground that way."
America where we celebrate Memorial Day with mattress sales.
What's the difference between a female lawyer and a pitbull terrier? Lipstick!
What did God say after creating man? I must be able to do better than that.
Why did the volleyball players go to the library for practice? The coach told them they'll be doing some reading today.
What does the dish scrambled eggs and brains have in common? Ignorant people!
What's the difference between a man and a woman? Don't think dirty! Only "wo".
There are too many suicide jokes, end it.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
What do you call a boat full of polite football players?
This must be the 8th castle because I just found my princess.
What is the world's biggest oxymoron. Black People.
Love is blind, only marriage opens your eyes.
I am probably single....because i didnt forward those chain messages in 2008
My friend stopped by to tell me he had just been diagnosed as Dyslexic. Said he was going home to write it in his dairy.
Entered what I ate today into my new fitness app and it just sent an ambulance to my house.
A black guy at work asked me where the colored printer was. I replied, "It's 2018, you can use any printer you want."
Once we had Clinton, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have Bush, no Cash and no Hope.
You're so pretty, you could be in a beer commercial.
Frank: "Emilia how many boyfriends do you have?"
What do you call a man with half a brain? Gifted.
Doc says, "OK, I give you a year..."
The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Finland. Now Santa Claus is missing.
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible.
Who is the most popular guy at the nudist colony? The guy who can carry a cup of coffee in each hand and a dozen donuts.
Maybe adults aren't afraid of monsters under the bed anymore because we know that if we get eaten by one we won't have to go to work the next day.
What did the verb say when the words have, has, and had were removed from the English language? "Nobody's perfect!"
The light at the end of the tunnel – are the front lights of a train.
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
Secret to success is to know who to blame for your failures.
Tomorrow: The best labor saving device of today.
I wasn't very happy but left without making a scene.
I accidentally sprayed deodorant in my mouth today. Now when I talk I have this weird axe scent.
What are a blonde's first words after graduating college? "Would you like fries with that?"
What's faster then a black kid running down the street with your tv? His brother with your Xbox.
Did you know that your body is made 70% of water? And now I'm thirsty.
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Me: And the award for the most awesome daddy goes to...? *6 blinks M: The most awesome daddy award goes to...? *6 blinks M:  6: Luke's dad?
A woman has the last word in any argument. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
The only difference between a pedophile and a zit is a zit waits for a child to reach puberty before it comes across its face!
I got lost in your eyes. But I also get lost in most department stores, so I wouldn't read too much into it.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
Do you know what a Timberwolf is? No. Thats a guy that chases a girl up a tree and kisses her inbetween the limbs.
I'm rich; what am I supposed to do, hide it?
Eyelashes are supposed to prevent things from getting into your eyes but when I do have something in my eye it's always an eyelash. Eyeronic.
If you eat too much curry, you get into a Korma.
What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up? Someday my prints will come!
I can tell people are judgmental just by looking at them.
What do you call a dead Magician? A ABRACADAVA.
You can't tell me what to do, you're not my dog.
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Are you a detective? I have some undercover work for you.
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
Boy : I have a pen you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities. Girl : I have a sandal you have a face. Think of Casualties.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
Did Adam and Eve ever have a date? No, but they had an Apple.
Why are women like parking spaces? Because all the best ones are taken and the rest are handicapped.
A mate said he saw several elderly men repairing shoes in the back of a van. I reckon it's a load of old cobblers.
Men and women were created equal, but women continued to improve.
They call it "pms" because "mad cow disease" was already taken.
A man enters a store and says: "15 litres of wine please." "Did you bring a container for this?" "You're speaking to it."
My love for you is like God. Not real.
I could tell my parents hated me, my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings".
A woman says to the dentist "I don't know which is worse having a tooth pulled or having a Baby."
Why do Africans wear lip plates? So they have something to play hoops with when they take it out.
April Fools' Day is like a huge open mic night in which millions of people go out of their way to demonstrate how unfunny they are.
I have no business with you, unless behind the bushes.
Why do blacks smell? So blind people can hate them too.
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
Why was it so hot in the stadium after the baseball game? All the fans left!
I drank so much I'm donating my liver to science fiction.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
There are two types of people in this world: Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
You might be a crack head... If your dog weighs more than you do... Here's your sign.
I don't like black jokes because I have one in my family tree. He's still hanging there.
There are 12 things, people do when they haven't prepared a speech. They lie, tell stories and exaggerate.
A life in politics is full of parties.
Me: How do I unsubscribe so I don't get your emails any more?
Men are like Bluetooth. When they're close they're connected, when they move further they start looking for new equipment.
Do you know why libraries don't have books about suicide? They never get returned.
What book do you like the most?
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it ...so I said "Implants?"
Here's a step by step guide to walking up the stairs, step 1) Right foot, step 2) Left foot, step 3) Right foot...
Sometimes, when I close my eyes, I can't see.
Me: I don't scare easily. Pregnant wife: All four of our daughters will be teenagers at the same time. Me: *never stops screaming*
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
What's the best place to grow flowers in school?... In the kindergarden.
Why do blacks wear white gloves? So they don't bite their fingers eating tootsie rolls.
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
What's the difference between purple and pink? The grip.
Where the woman's neck ends the infinity begins.
You're so sad that even Bob the Builder can't fix your life.
A woman once wanted me to father her child no strings attached. In other words, "I like your genes, but I don't like what you've done with them." I agreed but with one condition. She had to put it up for adoption.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the weighing scale it said: "I need your weight, not your phone number."
Baseball is my favorite sport, because you can play it on a professional level with food in your mouth.
If I've learned anything in life, it's that not enough people are at a loss for words.
Since my girlfriend discovered out the eyeroll and tongue sticking emojis she doesn't have to type words anymore.
Magician: I need a volunteer. [man stands] Not you. [woman stands] Not you. GARY GET UP HERE! [Gary goes up] We've never met before, right?
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
Just took a power nap on a park bench. Made $7.30 in change.
Did it hurt when you fell down from Heaven?
Roses are red
She's so fat that she ran down the street chasing a yellow school bus thinkg it was the largest twinkey ever.
I carried weed in coffin used to do sins so I can roam in hell to taste some more bad bitches.
Duck tape fixes everything... Except relationships because she won't let you put it over her mouth.
2. Lack of Intimacy
Doctor: "Well, stop doing it!"
I've been working on it tirelessly.
Do you know karate? Cause your body's kickin!
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
It should be blind in order doesn't feel what a nasty thing it is eating!
I'm experiencing heavy call volumes. Please hang up and never call me again.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
How do you make NY Jets cookies? Put them in a bowl and beat them for three hours.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
What is a vampire's sweetheart called? His ghoul-friend.
What do you call a blonde skeleton in the closet? Hide-and-go-seek winner from last year.
Imagine that you are in the forest where there is a tiger in front of you right about to eat you. What do you do? U stop imagining...
And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.
I'm in a long distance relationship, her restraining order ends tomorrow.
What do you call a black guy with Parkinson's? A chocolate shake.
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
When I look into your eyes, I see straight through to the back of your head.
Drink 'till she's cute, but stop before the wedding.
When in doubt, mumble.
What do ghosts serve for dessert? I Scream.
You came, you ate, now please just go HO HO Home.
I hate jokes about prom. The punch line is always too long.
I like older men because they've gotten used to life's disappointments. Which means they're ready for me.
Lately I've been trying to touch my toes, which I don't find so complicated, but my knees just can't get it straight.
Marriage is the main reason for divorce.
I would give my dad what he really wants on Father's Day, but I can't afford to move out yet.
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation? Because she threw out all the bent ones.
I'm in the mood to multiply
What's the best place to shop for a soccer shirt? New Jersey!
"Doctor, I'm addicted to 'The Family Feud' game show. What's wrong with me?
You won't drink away the alcoholism.
Even if you were eaten, there will still be a two way out.
I'd stand in a room amongst a group of people and say "hey do you guys want to see a joke?" Then walk out of the room, then walk back in whilst presenting myself in a grand fashion. "Et voila."
You had me at cello.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Why did the lady sing lullabies to her purse? She wanted a sleeping bag!
Lets play railroad I'll be the train and ur the tunnel
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife?
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
I wasn't going to co-exist until I saw your bumper sticker.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
You better hope you marry rich.
If she says, "I'm OK," you're fine. If she says, "I'm Fine," You're not OK.
Excuse me? Do you work at Little Ceasars? Cuz Ur Hot And I'm Ready.
Are you a mum? I am not a dad! Maybe you could help me with that!
Are you Greek (If No) are you sure cause you look like a goddess to me?
Before I never used to believe when scientist talk about men evolve from apes... But then I met YOU!
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
Doctor: "Well, the survey says..."
Spider-man has been unmasked in all his last 4 films. If I was him, I wouldn't even bother dressing up.
Your blow up date saw you naked, and self deflated.
The human soul weighs 1.2lbs. I know because I've weighed myself before and after I walk into my job.
For years, I struggled with dyslexia. Mostly because I was spelling it wrong.
Whenever i have a headache,i take two asprins and keep away the children,like the bottle says
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta!
Why are cats, bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter what you call him, he's not coming.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes...
Someone just honked their horn to get me out of my parking space quicker so now we will both be here until we're dead.
The trick to really enjoying someone's company is to not spend a lot of time with them.
What did the tree say to autumn? Leaf me alone.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost ? Because frost bites !
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."
Happy Valentines Day, who's your date today, your mom?
Why do stores have Halloween decorations in August? This is ridiculous. Nobody wants to... Oooo look! Candy corn.
Hot single grannies in your area want you to look at how tall you've gotten.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
I can't count how many times I failed maths at school.
What is the best Christmas present ever? A broken drum - you can't beat it!
I don't work here. I'm a consultant.
I can feel the gluons being exchanged between us.
One day you will meet someone so amazing in every way who will want absolutely nothing to do with you.
How can you tell a black person is lying? His lips are moving.
Why did the lady snowman divorce her husband? She found out he was going to a snow blower.
Did you hear about the vegan transgender? He was a herbefore.
Let's both be naughty this year and save Santa the trip.
My grandma always said "Slow and steady wins the race." She died in a fire.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to climb mountain dew.
Why are all angels white? Cause if they were black they'd be call bats!
I don't have a Fitbit. But I have a couple of fat bits.
1. Stay together forever
Scientist: "My findings are meaningless if taken out of context."
Taxes are the price we pay for a civilization. In light of recent results, I want my money back.
What kind of flowers do you never give on Valentine's Day? Cauliflowers!
Insects puns bug me.
Why didn't the Indian like having two t.p.'s? They made him 2 tence.
What's the best dance to do on Thanksgiving? The turkey trot.
Got an e-mail today from a "bored housewife 33, looking for some action!"  I've sent her my ironing, that'll keep her busy.
An old teacher asked her student, "If I say, 'I am beautiful,' which tense is that?"
If cats could text you back, they wouldn't.
Ask me about my vow of silence.
Why didn't the skeleton go to prom? Cause he had 'no body' to dance with.
Glad I'm not a general, because auto-correct just changed "lunch order" to "launch order."
Me: Yay! No more periods! Menopause: Wait, here's a beard.
I saw a guy on his motorcycle and the back of his shirt said "If you can read this the b*tch fell off."
What's the worthless piece of skin hanging off the end of a penis? A man.
Going for a walk because I want to stay healthy. Taking along a box of M&M's because let's be honest here.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
I found out about you from my last nightmare.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
How do men exercise on the beach? By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini.
Canadians are more polite when they are being rude than Americans are when they are being friendly.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy's truck leaves him too.
Your so fat you were rolling down a hill and you never stopped.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
I read somewhere that Alligators only have to eat once every three weeks... if only that Disney Alligator could have waited one more day.
Doctor: "Sir, I'm afraid your DNA is backwards." Me: "And?"
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person... but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Who earns a living driving their customers away? A taxi driver!
I worked in the woods as a lumberjack, but I just couldn't hack it, so they gave me the ax.
[man] Excuse me, would you like to dance? [women] NO! [man] Maybe u didn't hear me.... I said u look really fat in those pants!
Dear alma mater, please don't send wealth management workshop invites to those of us who majored in creative writing.
Why did the slave go to college? To pick up his master's degree.
I was going to my friend's place but accidentally walked into the wrong house. Turns out it was an orgy. Didn't see that cumming!
How do I stay humble? Well, it's not easy, but I start by being generally bad at almost all things.
You never realize what you have until it's gone. Toilet paper, for example.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
That whole "letting go" of your ex is always more satisfying when they're dangling over an abyss.
Tequila is a good drink: you drink it and you feel like a cactus; the only problem is that in the morning the thorns grow inward.
One day I'll look up from my phone and realize my kids put me in a nursing home.
Are you a singularity? Not only are you attractive, but the closer I get to you, the faster time seems to slip by.
This isn't working out. I think we should start making other people miserable.
There are two rules for success: 1) Don't tell all you know.
Scratches and dents on the doors of your car are the side effects of bad driving.
I used to work at a fire hydrant factory couldn't park nowhere near the place.
I think football would become an even better game if someone could invent a ball that kicks back.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency?
What dog can jump higher than a building? Anydog, buildings can't jump!
I didn't do it, nobody saw me do it, you can't prove anything.
I put the "fun" in dysfunctional.
Why are there so many old people in Church? They're cramming for the final.
Had to turn the stereo off, my wife has been playing Depeche Mode all day. She just can't get enough, whilst I just enjoy the silence.
Q: What's faster than a black guy stealing your TV?
I tried to be polite and hold the door open for a woman, but she kept screaming, "I'm peeing in here!" Fucking b*tch.
When you die your voice gets added to the Big Bang Theory laugh track.
What is a vampires favourite type of ship? A blood vessel.
We live in an age where mentioning you read a book seems a little bit like you're showing off.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.
What do you get when you mix a cheetah and a hamburger? Fastfood!
Cats are a great pet if you've ever wanted convenient access to a friend that hurts your feelings.
When I asked if you'd like to go out on a date sometime, I meant with me.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
I'd like to say the best moment of a woman's life is giving birth, but it's actually seeing an old nemesis and realizing she got really fat.
My brain boots up like a 10 year old PC that frequents gambling and adult websites.
It must be something in the air that is causing a lot of women to get pregnant... Their legs.
The only thing I have to offer men is that I don't ask questions during a movie.
Why do pills work? Because they're white.
How can you tell soap operas are fictional? In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed.
Marriage is all about compromise. For example, today I agreed to never sit in certain chairs in exchange for one chair I can sleep in.
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb? One. They are efficient and don't have humor.
Anyone who wanted to sell fish had to get permission from grandpa. He was known as the cod father.
And the Lord said unto John, "come forth and receive eternal life."
A woman is like canned food: one opens and everyone eats.
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
My resolution was to read more so I put the subtitles on my tv.
To this day, the boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money. On the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.
If you dont believe in Oral Sex, keep your mouth shut
My boss just said to me "You've been late five days this week... Do you know what that means?" I certainly do - it's FRIDAY!
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
Why is a tennis game a noisy game? Because each player raises a racket.
The longer you sleep – the more sleep you need. The more you eat – the bigger is your appetite.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Let me make this simple, I want to be invited but I don't want to go.
"Honeymoon salad."
I found my Mrs's G spot. Turns out it was in her sister.
People said I'd never get over my obsession with Phil Collins. But take a look at me now.
Want to take a look at my benefit package?
I tried eharmony. They kept matching me up with women who look like me in a wig. I'd be too intimidated to date someone that attractive.
A black man and a Mexican were both in a car - who was driving? The police officer.
Wanna expand my polynomial?
Somewhere an elderly lady reads a book on how to use the internet, while a young boy googles "how to read a book".
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
Sometimes I feel like a man trapped in a woman's marriage.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
Statistically 6 out of 7 Dwarfs are not Happy.
What's the best thing to put into a pie? Your teeth!
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I just read an article about the dangers of drinking that scared the crap out of me. That's it. No more reading!
Don't be sad when a bird craps on your head. Be happy that dogs can't fly.
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
Nothing spoils the target more than a hit.
Where do frogs deposit their money? In a river bank.
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
I estimate I have enough energy to attend two more social events in my lifetime.
My New Year's resolution is to be more optimistic by keeping my cup half-full with either rum, vodka, or whiskey.
My IQ came back negative.
Best cheese to use to disguise a horse? Marscaponie.
Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
If you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember...You can always change your birthday on facebook!
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
An asteroid 1,200 light years away has a 0.6% chance of colliding with the Earth, and you all just walking around like everything is fine.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
How do you know the handprint on the wet paint was left by a man? Because they can't look and not touch.
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
What do women and modern computers have in common? Neither one will accept a 3 and a half inch floppy.
It's so cold outside, I actually saw a gangster pull his pants up.
He's so far in the closet, he can see Narnia.
What is Gods favorite car? A Prius.
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
It is said that, you can't buy happiness. You only need to know the right places...
You can't live, without, your... liver
What do you call it when a 90 year old man masturbates successfully? Miracle whip.
Booze booze the magical drink the more you drink the less you feel the less you feel the better the deal so drink booze for every meal.
Well it took forever but I just paid the pizza guy entirely with the quarters I found behind his ears.
A beautiful woman delights a man's eye, an ugly – woman's eye.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
9 out of 10 Americans are stupid… I'm so glad I'm in the 1%.
It's a sin to love another's wife and a punishment to love yours.
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.
Dear Lord: The gods have been good to me. For the first time in my life, everything is absolutely perfect just the way it is. So here's the deal: You freeze everything the way it is, and I won't ask for anything more. If that is OK, please give me absolutely no sign. OK, deal. In gratitude, I present you this offering of cookies and milk. If you want me to eat them for you, give me no sign. Thy will be done.
Every time I tell a punny cow joke, I butcher it.
Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime.
If procrastionation was an Olympic sport, I'd compete in it later.
My son was like "I got a D in my maths" and I was like "That's really bad" and my wife was like "you need to stop doing his homework."
Okay, who stopped the payment on my reality check?
Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh?
Without going to jail, you cannot be a big politician.
Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
Which came first? The birth, or parental disappointment?
You're so ugly, even Hello Kitty says goodbye.
The less you love a woman, the faster your hand gets tired.
Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand.
You know you're fat when you step on the scale and it says "one at a time please".
Nothing brings neighbors together, like a broken elevator.
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?
I do try to be empathetic and put myself in other people's shoes... but I have big feet.
Condoms? Hah! Those are for pussies!
The last chapter of every book should just be all the characters acting completely terrified because their world is about to end.
A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says: "Pint please, and one for the road."
I don't mean to be forward girl but do you swallow? Ok Cool. Swallow these 7 balloons of Heroin and get on this flight to Los Angeles
So far eating hasn't filled the emptiness I feel inside, but I'm no quitter.
I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection.
I love the F5 key. It´s just so refreshing.
1) Crimes
If you can go to the gym without telling people on the Internet, you are instantly hired by the CIA.
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
How do we not know what women want yet? There are tons of conflicting lists all over the internet.
I haven't been ignoring you; I've been prioritizing you.
My teen sent my call directly to voicemail on the phone she used to have.
What does Santa say when he is sick? OH OH NO!
Alcohol makes people do things they know they shouldn't but kinda want to. E.g I started sleeping 20 hours a day.
Got a ceiling fan? Put some little piles of talcum powder on top of the blades and wait for somebody to turn it on. It'll be snowing indoors.
If a man speaks in the forest and there is no woman there to hear it... is he still wrong?
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
My wife and I had a two-hour fight about whether or not we were fighting.
What would martin luther king be if he was white? Alive.
I'm as bored as a slut on her period.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
My wife's not too smart. I told her, our kids were spoiled. She said, "All kids smell that way."
I once dated a girl with a twin. People asked me how I could tell them apart. It was simple, Jill painted her nails purple and Bob had a cock.
It's been proven that girls reach the age of puberty earlier than boys. Girls develop tits around the age of 13, boys around the age of 40.
What's yellow and black and makes you laugh: A bus full of niggers going over a cliff.
An escalator can never break — it can only become stairs.
Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.
Crime doesn't pay... does that mean that my job is a crime?
Best math book never written: "High School Math" by Cal Q. Luss
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Don't be irreplaceable - if you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
A nice Chinese couple gave me a very good camera down by the Washington Monument. I didn't really understand what they were saying, but it was very nice of them.
Whats the difference between Amy Winehouse and a moped? A moped can make it to 30.
You will never find anybody who can give you a clear and compelling reason why we observe daylight savings time.
There are two kinds of people who don't say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
Why did the duck go to rehab? Because he was a quack addict!
At every party there are two kinds of people: those who want to go home and those who don't. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
I am right ninety eight percent of the time - who cares about the other three percent.
Why do I always know where to go when I am canoeing? Because I "canoe" it.
The Big Bang Theory: God Spoke and BANG! it happened.
Your phone screen is brighter than your future.
If he doesn't appreciate your fruit jokes you let that mango.
Red meat is not bad for you. Fuzzy green meat is bad for you.
I could make jokes about fences, but they are offencive.
I really lack the words to compliment myself today.
If I was smarter, I would know so much more stuff.
The Man Who Created Autocorrect Has Died. Resturant In Peace.
What did the light bulb say to the switch? "You turn me on."
You cannot eat me unless you spread me. -Butter
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
I'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got twelve fridges.
Egotist: A person who is usually me-deep in conversation.
Why should you send your sweetie a valentine? Because you always heart the one you love.
I know I'm getting old... the other day I walked past a cemetery and two guys attacked me with shovels.
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
He always finds himself lost in thought; it's unfamiliar territory.
Hey there, mind if I take a bite? Cause your decomposing in ALL the right places.
You haven't texted me since you went to bed. Are we ok?
See our new one liners or check one liner of the day. Enjoy.
Take my advice — I'm not using it.
The next tropical cyclone should be named after you. It would be less fatal than your face.
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
99% of women say they don't like men who wear leather pants. Which works out perfectly, since 100% of men who wear leather pants don't like women.
Why do women always ask questions that have no right answers?
If a dog was a computer, would its bark be bigger than its byte?
Why did the female snowman delete Tinder? She was getting too many snow cone pics.
My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly... I'm not a fan.
If you say "I knew you were going to say that" enough. You can start billing people for psychic readings.
Where do snowmen go to donate their sperm? The snowbank.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
Do fish get thirsty?
Time does'nt exist. Clocks exists.
Just finished building the deepest well in England. Got the plans wrong way round, started work on the tallest lighthouse.
What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes.
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
Retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money.
Men live better than women. First of all, they get married later and secondly, they die earlier.
Everything you do you're gonna regret. But if you do nothing – you will not only regret but will also suffer.
While most puns make me feel numb, mathematic puns make me feel number.
The doctors found a diseased blood type: U.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Why is there cotton in pill bottles? To remind black people that they were cotton pickers before drug dealers.
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. Then it dawned on me ... they were cramming for their finals.
Accidentally fell asleep smoking an e-cigarette and when I woke up my whole house was on the internet.
I am the only candidate for president willing to win the feral hog vote, even if it amounts to just 30-50.
You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
I was raped by a group of mimes. They did unspeakable things to me.
Mothers with teenagers know why animals eat their young.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore.
What type of hotel do black people tend to stay in the most during the holiday months? The local police station.
What kind of tan did pilgrims get to the beach? Puritan.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
The new french tank is pretty cool, it can go in 16 directions. 15 of which go backwards, 1 goes forwards in case the enemy comes from behind.
What did the boy octopus say to the girl octopus? Can I hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand?
To be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
If pink and glitter were vitamins blondes would be the healthiest people alive.
Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
I bet you $4,567.89 you can't guess how much I owe my bookie.
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
What does an Ethiopian family look like? A barcode.
I have never understood why women love cats. Cats are independent, they don't listen, they don't come in when you call, they like to stay out all night, and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep. In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
I intend to live forever... or die trying.
My five year plan? I don't even have a five minute plan.
Whenever I get on my roof to clean the gutters, I always slip and fall. Every shingle time.
A dog has an owner. A cat has a staff.
By the cup of Nescafé even the most secret thoughts turn into words, and by the bottle of vodka – into actions.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
Learn from yesterday, live for today and have hope for tomorrow.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
Your secrets are safe with me because I literally won't remember them. This also applies to your birthday. Your birthdays are safe with me.
I've agreed so much with my wife that my head just starts nodding at the sound of her voice.
You look like the grinch with plastic surgery gone wrong!
I threw an Asian man down a flight of stairs. It was Wong on so many levels.
Hitler wasn't that bad a guy, I mean he did kill Hitler.
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness, is realising the other person was born an idiot.
My job is secure. No one else wants it.
The difference between true love and dinosaurs: We're sure that dinosaurs once existed on this earth.
Call me a racist if you want but south of the border is a sea of violence, corruption, and stupidity. I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. I just thank my lucky stars I live in Canada.
I dropped my phone in the toilet and now you're all baptized.
What do you call a bunch of black people in an elevator? A box of chocolate.
Whenever someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them, because I know how tough life is for the visually impaired.
If you get in the mood to do some work, someone will always wake you up.
USA's been so good at the Olympics, it's trumped the rest!
Trump invited Putin to Washington because it's customary to take a tour of your new home before you move in.
What happened to the Irish man who thought about the evils of drinking in the New Year? He gave up thinking.
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles.
What's the diffrence between a black guy and a pizza? A pizza can feed a family of four.
I could be a morning person. If morning started around noon.
Twitter is just LinkedIn for the chronically unemployed.
How about I slip down your chimney, at half past midnight?
Me: "Awesome, thank you."
How do you stop a nigger from drowning? You remove your boot from the back of his head.
Why do Swedish warships have barcodes on them? So when they dock they can Scandinavian.
My wife let me remove all her clothes last night. From the dryer.
I've been thinking about you...Owl night long.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you?
What color do Smurfs turn if you choke them?
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
She wanted to sell me a whole bedroom set, but I just wanted one nightstand.
My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I miss him!
Teacher: "Where was the Constitution of India signed?"
Are you a shark, cause I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
There was an outbreak of food poisoning among the world leaders at the recent summit. During the food preparation, they feared what the Russians Putin May Merkel Trump.
Hello everyone, welcome to Plastic Surgery Addicts Anonymous. I see a lot of new faces here tonight.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I love my life, but it just wants to be friends...
I think that if I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore.
I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
No matter how bad you are playing, it is always possible to play worse.
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
TRUE FRIENDSHIP: Walking into a persons house and your wifi connects automatically.
What is a snowman's least favorite yoga position? Downward-facing dog pee.
